{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 58)",
  "content": "you have that distribution,  \n\num try and satisfy the needs of your customer. \nAnd then generally and consistently iterate on  \n\nthe product. Okay. So, highle advice aside, \nhow do you actually do the big thing that I  \n\nthink a lot of people are wondering? How do you \nprice your product? Well, what I want to do next  \n\nis talk about essentially my core principle for \npricing. And this is a core principle that I've  \n\nused to generate tens of millions of dollars in \nrevenue across a variety of businesses, small  \n\nto mid-size businesses, my own agencies, digital \nmarketing businesses, uh a couple multi-billion  \n\ndollar portfolio companies. And um this is \nsomething that I just I I continuously return  \n\nto you because it's the easiest and simplest \nway to price. So, it's called VBP or valuebased\n\npricing. And so in value based pricing, what \nyou do is you price based off the value that  \n\nyour app delivers, not on your costs or your \ncompetitor's pricing. You know, and I think a  \n\nlot of people are like, well, I have to anchor to \nmy competitor's price, don't I? And to me, I say  \n\nI mean like obviously your competitor's price is a \nfactor and people are going to be doing some price  \n\nshopping. But if you focus on the value instead of \nat what your competitors price rather than running  \n\nuh down to the very bottom and it being like a \nrace down below like a lot of these freelance  \n\nplatforms and stuff where somebody bids nine, \nanother bids eight, another bid seven till you're  \n\nat freaking zero. What we do is we just establish \nhow tremendously valuable a product is and then  \n\ncharge such a vanishingly small percentage of said \nvalue that the customers are bought in regardless.  \n\nI mean to them it's like a it's it's a pittance. \nAnd I know this because I also purchase software.  \n\num what ultimately a lot of B2B software users \nare looking for is something that maximizes their  \n\nreturn on investment and minimizes the friction \ninvolved in making the purchase decision. So let  \n\nme explain what I mean by all this. There are two \ntypes of value that you can produce at least in a  \n\nB2B environment. In a B2C environment you have \nadditional types of value. Those types of value  \n\nare nonmaterial and so it will not be discussed. \nYou have the ability to directly reduce their  \n\nexpenses which is the money that your product \nwill save a customer if they use you. And then  \n\nyou also have the ability to significantly \nincrease their revenue in opportunity cost,  \n\nwhich is also termed the additional money \ncustomers can now earn because they use your  \n\nproduct. I think direct expense savings are pretty \nsimple, right? If I have product X and product X  \n\ncurrently costs the user $100 a month and I say, \nhey, I just built product Y. Product Y only costs  \n\n$5 a month. What do we have there? What I've done \nis, if you think about it, I've saved the customer  \n\n$95 every month. And so the direct expense savings \nare 95 bucks. Easy. Now, an opportunity cost. Now,  \n\nopportunity cost is a little bit different. \nInstead of focusing specifically on what the  \n\ndelta between, you know, their old thing and then \ntheir new thing is, what we focus on instead is  \n\nhow much time do they save and what is the \ncost of that time. So I'll give you a brief  \n\nlittle example. Let's say hypothetically you \nare currently a salesperson. You work at big  \n\ncompany. Big company pays you on average about \n$100 per hour. Right now, as part of your day,  \n\nyou do some [ __ ] admin task. That admin task \ninvolves filling out some CRM or whatever. And  \n\non average, every single day, you have to spend \n2 hours doing this. Okay? So, they're paying you  \n\n$100 an hour. You're doing an admin task that is \nworth 2 hours. If you hypothetically could build a  \n\nsoftware solution that enable this salesperson \nto spend zero minutes doing this admin task,  \n\nhow much money are you saving this salesperson \nright off the bat? You're saving this company  \n\nright off the bat. You're saving $2* $100 an hour \nor $200 an hour. That is your direct expense. But  \n\nif you think about it, what do sales people do? \nSalespeople are tasked with increasing the revenue  \n\nof the business that they work in. Hypothetically, \nlet's say if instead of focusing on admin time,  \n\nthey then focus on sales, aka calling people or \nwhatever. in those two hours they could contact  \n\n50 people and if in one in 50 people end up \npurchasing a small product or something like  \n\nthat okay which is their conversion rate and if \nthe average cost of that product is let's say  \n\nuh I don't know $500 then by saving 2 hours a day \nnot only are you adding $200 sorry $200 an hour  \n\nI meant $200 not only you adding $200 back to the \ncore business that you built the software platform  \n\nfor you're also adding If you think about it, \nan additional $500 in revenue. So this is minus  \n\n$200 of expense. Okay? And this is plus $500 \nin revenue. And if you think about the total  \n\namount now that this software product is saving \nor generating the business, we have come to  \n\n$700 in value and that's per day. Okay. So the \nexpense portion is about saving money whereas  \n\nthe revenue portion is about reallocating the time \nthat your software solution is now saved to allow  \n\na person at a business to focus on higher revenue \nthings that actually produce for a company. And in  \n\npractice usually these expenses are much smaller \nthan the total amount of opportunity cost aka  \n\nthe revenue that you are unlocking. So you know \nhow earlier we built a thumbnail generator? Well  \n\nhere's a quick example of what that might look \nlike. You have direct cost savings. Let's say  \n\nright now whatever system that they are using \ncost them $50 a thumbnail and they generate 20  \n\nthumbnails a month. That means that by switching \nover to nyx thumbnail company.co, also known as  \n\nthumbly, uh you'll save $1,000 a month. But when \nyou take into account the time savings revenue,  \n\nokay, you move this 2 hours per thumbnail design \nperiod to 5 minutes. What you're doing is you're  \n\nsaving 115 minutes. And hypothetically, let's \nsay these 115 minutes times 20 are 2,300 minutes  \n\na month. Let's say with this additional time, \nwhich works out to be approximately 40 hours,  \n\nthis designer or something can actually make \nan additional $1,000 a month as well. Well,  \n\nnow the total value created is $2,000 a month. \nWhat we're doing as somebody that is developing  \n\na thumbnail product is we're pricing at a very \nsmall percentage of the total value we produce,  \n\nso maybe 10%. So, we charge 200 bucks a month. And \nthen the customer ends up making 10 times as much  \n\nmoney as they spend with us for using our service. \nNow, obviously, this is going to be an average,  \n\nright? Every customer is going to be different. \nSome people are going to produce way more value  \n\nthan your $2,000 a month estimate. Others are \ngoing to produce less value. But because you  \n\ncan't price individually per every new customer \nthat you onboard, you have to pick a specific  \n\npackage price. What we've done now is we've \nbasically used facts and logic to work out what  \n\na strong value would be for a core product and \nthen how much to charge for it instead of relying  \n\non things like competitor analysis or worrying \nabout what the dude in the next cubicle over is  \n\ndoing. And so this is a much more sustainable and \nhigher ROI way of pricing. You're pricing based  \n\noff value. You're not pricing based off of what \neverybody else is doing. This young viewers is  \n\nhow you zigg when everybody else zags. Once you've \nestablished some sort of price for your product,  \n\nmy recommendation is I actually establish \nthis as my top price. So, for instance,  \n\num let's say I kind of screwed up the uh writing \nhere, but let's say this is like your top tier,  \n\nthis is your mid tier, and this is your entry \ntier. You know how there's typically multiple  \n\nsubscription tiers for a product",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}