{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 23)",
  "content": "hey're going to look at what I'm talking about \nand probably laugh. They're going to say, \"That's  \n\nnot how to actually host. That's not how databases \nwork or whatever the heck.\" The reality is, you  \n\ndon't need to know all of the internals of how all \nof these different things were put together. These  \n\nare essentially things that were built over the \ncourse of the last 50 or 60 years. And nowadays,  \n\neven the most competent developers typically \njust stand on the shoulders of giants. And so,  \n\nI'm going to give you a very high level overview \nhere. And this high level overview will, like the  \n\nrest of the course, be the 8020 that allow you to \ndive deep into specific parts if you so want to.  \n\nUm, but you won't necessarily need to hear me \nyap on for 700 hours about different database  \n\narchitectures. Okay, so we're going to start with \nhosting. To make a long story short, hosting is  \n\njust the technical term for running your web \napplication on a server. works on my machine  \n\nis the scariest thing a developer could say. So, \nit's important to do this right. You know how a  \n\nfew minutes ago when I was developing that app \nand then pushing it live, there were immediately  \n\nsome problems. Well, what a lot of developers will \ndo is they will develop entirely locally and then  \n\nthey'll say, \"This works fantastic, amazing.\" And \nthen they'll leave the pushing and the deployment  \n\nand and you know, all the hosting and stuff like \nthat is sort of an afterthought. And then when  \n\nthey actually do push it, then there's a bajillion \nproblems and the app doesn't really work. And then  \n\nas you saw there's also a longer feedback loop \nbecause now this is live on the internet it's not  \n\non your machine and that longer feedback loop can \nmake you know that last mile problem where you've  \n\ndone 99.9% of the work uh of your app but then \nthat.1% takes like 100 times longer just because  \n\nof the nature of your your prepare preparation \nor lack thereof. So in order to really get this  \n\nwe just need to give a brief highle walkthrough \nof how communication um on networks tends to work  \n\nor like on apps. Basically on the left hand side \nhere we have a client. And for all intents and  \n\npurposes, let's just say this is um your browser. \nOkay. Now client is just such a silly name. I  \n\nwould say not a lot of people really understand \nthis, but I just replace basically all instances  \n\nof the term client with just your browser for \nnow and everything will make more sense. Now your  \n\nclient, okay, it's just your browser. It needs \nto communicate with a server in order to have  \n\nsome sort of back and forth. And so this server, \nokay, could actually be like your um computer if  \n\nyou're developing locally or if you know you're \npushing to some, you know, service or whatever,  \n\nit could be something like well maybe Nellifi \nisn't the right example, but I don't know. Yeah,  \n\nI don't know if you guys ever used Hostinger for \ninstance, not affiliated with them, but um that's  \n\na good example of one. Or let's just see Hostinger \nalternatives. Blue Host, if you guys have ever  \n\ndeveloped a WordPress website or Cloudways or Site \nGround or Insta. Basically, these are services out  \n\nthere that run computers just in the cloud that \nyou can then access in order to like push stuff on  \n\nit. Okay? So, what happens is your client, okay, \nyour browser will communicate with the server,  \n\nwhich if you're running stuff locally is either \njust your computer or it's somebody else's  \n\ncomputer on hosting or site ground or whatever \nother service. And then it'll send initially some  \n\nvery simple and brief requests, okay, for things \nlike um you know site HTML. It'll send uh requests  \n\nfor things like uh database data and whatnot. \nAnd so your server has the ability to do a lot  \n\nof its own logic and whatnot. And so in general, \nwhat clients um are for are they're just for like  \n\npresentation. And then what servers are for is \nthey're more for like the heavy lifting and the  \n\nlogic and the validation and stuff like that. \nThat's why server side validation is much more  \n\nimportant than client side validation. That's why \nit's a big security risk. The thing is in addition  \n\nto the server, there's like a third piece called \nyour database where we actually store like a  \n\nrow or tabular data. And you know, for all intents \nand purposes, your database is just one big Google  \n\nsheet. There's like an ID column, there's like a \ndate created column, there's like a I don't know  \n\nvalue column, and then there's uh just a bunch of \nstuff here. um where basically what your server  \n\ndoes is it will make a request to this database \nto receive specific pieces of data that the user  \n\nhas requested. So if the user has an ID of 23 foi \nwhatever, okay, and then you know the request is,  \n\nhey, I just want you to grab the value. What it'll \ndo is it'll return 2 3 4 2 3 4 um over and over  \n\nand over and over again. Okay, so that's that's \npretty cool. Um the reason why we split these two  \n\nup is just servers are obviously computers. This \nis obviously just data. Data are not computers,  \n\nalthough computers can contain data. You could \ntheoretically contain a bunch of information on  \n\nyour server, but why would you pay for all that \nwhen you could just use like a highly optimized  \n\nservice that just stores a bunch of records and \nthen communicates really quickly. So anyway, let's  \n\nsay our client is requesting some data. Like if \nyou if you go back to our app, um it's requesting  \n\nthat like little dashboard data. Let's see how \nmany orders do we have in the database. What it'll  \n\ndo is, you know, we we'll first we'll sign onto \nour app. We'll initially make that request to the  \n\nserver. It'll return a bunch of HTML and um any \npre-existing or cache data, okay? And then it'll  \n\nvisualize it. And then after, you know, you the \nuser will navigate on the website and you'll say,  \n\n\"Hey, you know, I want to, you know, you'll \nyou'll click uh the dashboard button and then  \n\nthat'll be like, hey, you know, I want to go grab \nthis data and see how many records I have.\" So,  \n\nwhat'll happen is we'll send that request \nover to the server. The server has a bunch of  \n\num pre-built logic basically that says, \"Hey, \nwhen a user requests a specific dashboard data,  \n\nI want you to call the database using this format \nand then retrieve it.\" And then we'll say, \"Hey,  \n\nyou know, we want the dashboard data.\" It'll \ndo this in a slightly different language,  \n\ntypically SQL, although there are no SQL databases \nas well. And then it'll return, you know, that  \n\ndashboard data. The server will do some additional \nvalidation if it needs to, and then it'll just  \n\nreturn that to the client. And so this is just a \nloop that goes on over and over and over and over  \n\nand over again. If the client updates something \nlike let's say we create an order, well, it's the  \n\nexact same thing. We'll just send a request to the \nserver. The request will say create order. Server  \n\nwill be like, okay, cool. So here's how I create \nan order. Then it'll take that request and send  \n\nit to the database which will then add a new order \nto like your orders table. So very very high level  \n\num overview of how basically these modern web \napps work. And I'm going to talk a little bit more  \n\nabout like the prevailing frameworks in a second \nbecause there are now apps out there kind of like  \n\nthis service I'm using right now called Excaladraw \nwhich does things both online but also locally.  \n\nAnd you can really dive deep into that rabbit hole \nif you want. But um without further ado, what's  \n\nthe actual development process look like? Well, \nfor us it's basically we just start local. So when  \n\nwe start local, we run both our client and our \nserver on the same computer, right? Our client is  \n\nlike our browser and then our server is just like, \nyou know, your your your computer running that  \n\nprocess. The",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}