{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 6)",
  "content": "t's popping up saying, \"Hey, do  \n\nyou want to make this edit?\" So I could say yes. \nI could allow all edits this session. And I could  \n\nsay no. Or I could tell Claude what to do instead. \nI'm just going to escape out of it. That's how Ask  \n\nBefore edits works. Most people are going to use \nedit automatically because then you can change  \n\npre-existing files without actually having to like \ndo that little, you know, hey, should I change  \n\nthis? Uh because nowadays these models just move \nso much faster than human beings ever can. There's  \n\njust no need to. And then finally, you have plan \nmode, which is similar. It just does a lot of  \n\nthinking. Doesn't actually do anything until \nit presents the plan to you. And then finally,  \n\na bypass permissions, which is uh you know my \nyolo mode where I just say do it again and then  \n\nit's not going to ask me for anything. It's just \nactually going to go edit the file. Right. So  \n\nnow it says built by Nick Sarif. I'm a software \nengineer and automation consultant specializing  \n\nin AI powered tools and web applications. Thanks \nso much. The software engineering title has never  \n\nbeen easier to get. Okay, everything else you \nare going to learn by doing. Hopefully, this  \n\nhas been a comprehensive setup and you guys now \nknow how anti-gravity works in conjunction with  \n\nthe agent chat and then the Gemini 3.1 Pro series \nof models. You also know how anti-gravity works in  \n\nconjunction with Claude Code and then the Claude \nseries of models. And you also understand the  \n\ninterface, at least the 8020 of the interface that \nwe could use to build our very first project. Next  \n\nup, what we're going to do is we're going to build \na highquality, simple portfolio site in just a few  \n\nminutes that I'm then going to push live onto the \ninternet. I'm doing this because I want to show  \n\nyou guys how simple and easy it is to actually \ndevelop like actual web applications and web  \n\nproperties with Gemini 3.1 Pro High. And I'm also \ngoing to include all the prompts and everything  \n\nyou need to do the same thing on your end down \nbelow in the description. So, just check that free  \n\nfolder out. Okay, so the simplest and easiest way \nthat I have found to set up websites with Gemini  \n\n3.1 Pro high is you literally just provide it a \nsimple copy paste prompt which I have down below  \n\nin the description and you guys can use as your \nend all be all or you guys could use as a base to  \n\nmake your own prompt on top of. Okay, store that \nas a gemini.md and then just fire it off. So, what  \n\nI've done here is I basically open up a new folder \ncalled website builder-demo with the gemini.mmd  \n\nwith this big long prompt. And I'll run through \nthe prompt in a second while I'm actually creating  \n\nthe website. But then I say build me a website. \nNow, what this does is this forces the model to  \n\nact as a world-class senior creative technologist \nand lead front-end engineer. Basically, we're  \n\nsaying you build highfidelity cinematic 1:1 pixel \nperfect landing pages. Every site you produce  \n\nshould feel like a digital instrument. You must \neradicate generic AI patterns, including typical  \n\nstructural layouts like a standard hero, three \ncolumn features, and CTA. Every site you build  \n\nwill use a vastly different structural layout, \ntypographic scaling, and interactive paradigm  \n\nbased on the chosen archetype and structural \ntypology. Kind of a mouthful, right? Now,  \n\nI'm not going to run through all the rest of \nthese, but basically, to make a long story short,  \n\nthis section here is just guiding it through a \nbrief little Q&A so that you can choose, you know,  \n\nthe highest quality website design for you. This \nover here has a bunch of different aesthetic  \n\narchetypes depending on what you're looking at \nwhich we can select. Down below we have some  \n\nstructural typologies including bento grids, \nsplit screens, infinite horizontal structures,  \n\nlinear narratives, and then application shell \nwhich is kind of neat. Then we have some brief  \n\nlittle rules about different tools to use just \nbased off of my own understanding of tooling. Um  \n\nas well as um some double-checking protocol down \nhere. And on the right hand side, as you can see,  \n\nafter I entered that little uh message, it's now \nasking me for the brand name, the core thesis, um  \n\naesthetic archetype, structural typologies, three \ncore pillars, and then the ultimate conversion  \n\ngoal. So, all I'm going to do now is I'm going \nto close out of this. Okay. Make this way way  \n\nbigger just so I could see like most of it. And \nthen I'm just going to enter my information. So,  \n\nuh my brand name, just so people are all on \nthe same page as me, is called Leftclick. And  \n\nbasically what we are to zoom way in there because \nthe website looks like trash right now is we're  \n\nthe definitive AI growth partner for fastmoving \nB2B companies. This is a website that I actually  \n\nhad a real developer like I paid somebody money \nto put this together for me cuz I didn't have  \n\nthe time. And the whole idea is we're like an \nAI automation boutique shop that helps people  \n\ngenerate revenue using high growth systems. This \nis typically stuff like cold email systems. It's  \n\nstuff like speed to lead systems for paid ads \nand so on and so forth. So it's pretty neat,  \n\nright? It's pretty sexy. We got the cool photo \nwith Hormosi and Ovens over here. That's uh won me  \n\nsome goodwill for sure. Basically, what I want to \ndo is I just want to have AI try and generate uh  \n\nthis website instead of me. And then I just want \nto compare and contrast the results. You'll see  \n\nthere's some mild things here like there's a cool \nlittle animation that kind of follows my mouse  \n\naround. That's kind of neat, right? Obviously \nthe text and the fonts and stuff that those are  \n\nvery sexy. So, do you think AI could do as good \nof a job? Well, let's find out. I'm going to  \n\nanswer some information here. Brand name is called \nLeftclick. We help high growth B2B companies scale  \n\nrevenue using outbound methods like cold email. \nTwo, pick best fit. Three, pick best fit. Four,  \n\nsuper low cost of acquiring a customer. Um, AI \nbased personalization, which lets us attack at  \n\nboth scale and high levels of perceived \npersonalization. And then trusted vendor.  \n\nWe've worked with multi-billion dollar portfolio \ncompanies. And then ultimate conversion goal is  \n\nbook a growth mapping call 30 men consult. Just \ngoing to enter this information now. And I'm going  \n\nto have the model do everything else for me. The \nfirst thing that's going to pop up is this little  \n\nthinking tab. And so what it's doing if I scroll \nto the very top is it's focusing on refining the  \n\ninitial approach particularly concerning file \noperations. It's prioritizing the use of more  \n\nspecific resources to manage and manipulate \ninformation and so on and so forth. These are  \n\nall of its own thoughts. And basically the way \nthat this works is at every step it's basically  \n\nlike another it's like another run. It basically \ntakes the prompt, it sends it, it does a bunch of  \n\nthinking and then it sends that back to another \ninstance and says what's next over and over and  \n\nover and over again. So that's what's happening \ndown over here at the bottom. Once you're done  \n\nsomething that requires a fair amount of planning, \nit'll actually pop open a planning uh section. And  \n\nthis basically runs through the files that were \nedited as we saw earlier. Okay. the progress  \n\nupdates of that, some additional thinking, and \nthen finally a task list for what it's planning  \n\non doing. When tasks lists pop up, they pop up in \nthe middle over here. And as you can see, we have  \n\na leftclick dashboard landing page. It's going \nto start by scaffolding the application using  \n\na particular library. Then it's going to install \ndependencies, configure Tailwind, then it's going  \n\nto build a core layout, and then, you know, go \nthrough and",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}