{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 38)",
  "content": "ndled through authentication  \n\nmiddleware and routes and stuff. Um, but basically \nin our case with payments, we're going to add one  \n\nfinal step. So, basically the user is going to \nstart by signing up, right? So, we already know  \n\nhow to do this. It's pretty straightforward. \nIt's off. After they sign up, they're going  \n\nto be taken to their own private payment page \nwhere they can pick a plan or buy credits. Now,  \n\nif you're doing like a thumbnail lead gener a \nthumbnail generator app, for instance, obviously  \n\nit's probably going to be credit based. Um, if \nyou're doing something that maybe provisions  \n\naccess to like a subscription service or something \nwhere it's like, you know, you pay once and then  \n\nyou do it monthly, then we'll probably do a plan. \num after the payment occurs, they'll get access,  \n\nwhich is referred to as entitlement. They'll \nuse the app, which is called consumption,  \n\nand then in some cases, like if you're using \ncredits, they may run out, in which case they go  \n\nback to the payment. That's sort of how it looks \nunder the hood. In terms of like what's going on,  \n\num we're not going to do the payment processing \nourselves. Basically, everybody on planet Earth  \n\nnow just uses pre-existing options like Stripe. \nAnd the whole idea is when a user clicks subscribe  \n\nor buy credits or whatever um we just have an \nagreement with Stripe where via API we redirect  \n\nthem to a Stripeh hosted checkout page. Stripe \nalready has all the language and handles the card.  \n\nThey do things like advanced fraud detection. \nThey do things like you know handle your tax  \n\nobligations like receipts and stuff like that and \nthen they just send all of that stuff to the user.  \n\nWe never touch a credit card number. We just get \npaid you know in return for doing this. Stripe or  \n\nthese other payment processors they usually make \nlike a couple percentage points. I think Stripe  \n\nright now is 2.9 plus 30 cents per transaction \nor something. Um, I'm very happy to pay the  \n\n2.9 cents not to have to deal with this because \nin addition to this being like a real cluster,  \n\nyou know, don't want to swear too much on this, \nbut in addition to being a real pain in the ass,  \n\nuh, it is also kind of like a liability legally. \nAnd, you know, as app developers, I want to  \n\nfocus on building the app and marketing it and \nstuff. That's what 99% of my work needs to be,  \n\nnot handling the legalities. So when the payment \nsucceeds, and it will if you know the the card  \n\nis not fraudulent, if they cross their tees and \ndot their eyes, Stripe will send our backend a  \n\nweb hook, which is basically just like an event \nnotification that says, \"Hey, this user paid,  \n\nthis user that you've already signed up for.\" \nSo we have all their information and so so on  \n\nand so forth. Their ID um is good to go. Then your \nbackend will receive that. It'll update a field on  \n\nthe user's record in your database. So in our case \nour superbase that'll be something like plan is  \n\nnow pro or credits are 50 and then your app knows \nwhat it's allowed to do and then you know as it  \n\nuses and consumes those credits every single time \nit'll basically make a request to the database  \n\njust reducing that a little. Um and then you know \nbecause it's like this you can now do a variety of  \n\nof cool features. You could provision additional \napp um credits or usage if you want. You have the  \n\nability to like upgrade people, downgrade \npeople, moderate your app and everything.  \n\nSo, three models are onetime purchase, which \nis basically where you pay once, you get  \n\naccess forever. It's really easy to do. You're \nbasically just selling a service, right? So,  \n\nyou just flip a boolean on their account. Um, they \nsign up via the Superbase O function. Now, they  \n\nhave like a little like user table. Inside the \nuser table, there's a field that says subscribe,  \n\nquestion mark, and then it's either true or false. \nIn subscription, it's pay monthly and then the  \n\naccess continues. Stripe has a bunch of features \ninside of it that manage recurring subscriptions  \n\nor billing um on let's say a monthly or a weekly \nor an annual basis. And basically what happens  \n\nis once you have the payment success or payment \nfailure um you'll receive a web hook and then  \n\nyou just toggle that access and then Stripe will \nmanage that for you every single month. Basically  \n\nuh whenever a a successful payment comes in, \nyou'll keep it. If a payment failure comes in,  \n\nthen you'll flip it. And then finally that \ncredit based usage where you basically just  \n\nbuy a bucket of different um tokens or credits or \nwhatever the heck. every time they hit your API  \n\nto generate a thumbnail or scrape your leads, \nyou decrement the balance. When it hits zero,  \n\nyou will send them back to checkout and then \nforce them to do it again. So, all of the apps  \n\nthat we built in this course can use any of \nthese. Uh, if I was doing lead scraping, I  \n\nwould probably do either like a monthly plan with \ncredits built in or I just do credits. Um, for  \n\nour thumbnail generator, we're just going to do \ncredits. But, you know, you you can use whatever  \n\ncombination of these you want as well. The three \nthings we're going to need in our codebase,  \n\nand keep in mind like our models are going to \nhandle this for you. You don't have to do this,  \n\nbut basically we need an endpoint that creates \na Stripe checkout session and then redirects the  \n\nuser. So after the user signs up, they're going to \nhave to immediately go to this endpoint maybe with  \n\nthree maybe a page with three different pricing \nplans or something. Then when they click on that,  \n\nit'll redirect them over to Stripe with their \ninformation. Then we need a web hook endpoint,  \n\nwhich is just like a little um route on our \nserver that basically waits to receive a payment  \n\nsucceeded event from Stripe. Then it'll update our \ndatabase. And then finally, we need some way to  \n\ncheck inside of our app before doing the expensive \nthing like generating a thumbnail or whatever,  \n\ndoes the user have valid uh plan? Do they have \nvalid credits? So that's exactly what we're  \n\ngoing to do in the next product build. You guys \nare going to see this hands-on. I just want you  \n\nto know that basically this just stands between \nlike the authentication step, okay, and then the  \n\num like usage step. Basically now there's just \ngoing to be an additional one which is payment.  \n\nBefore obviously I let people use their own API \ntokens and stuff like that in the app. So we sort  \n\nof bypassed this alto together. Now it's going to \nbe you know like us doing the thing and therefore  \n\nwe're going to want to make some arbitrage. You \nknow they're going to pay I don't know $10 and  \n\nthen every usage is only going to cost us $1. And \nso in that way we're going to basically make uh $9  \n\nin profit. That's more or less how any meaningful \nSAS business will operate. Okay. So hopefully you  \n\nguys are as excited as I am. Let's dive into \nit. So, in order to make any of this work,  \n\nyou are going to have to go to stripe.com and set \nup an account. Um, I want you guys to know that  \n\nif you don't have, you know, like an account on \nStripe set up, you're not really going to be able  \n\nto follow along with me. But, at the same time, I \nknow that depending on where you are in the world,  \n\num, different people have different levels \nof access to Stripe. They're not available  \n\nin every country. So, if you guys aren't capable \nof using whatever, you know, the specific solution  \n\nI'm going to do, I recommend just use whatever \nyou guys have access to. Like, there's Payaneer,  \n\nuh, I don't know, there's like PayPal. While these \nservices are not as clean and as good as Stripe,  \n\nthey don't handle as much of, you know, literally \nglobal GDP at the moment. They're up to 1.6% which  \n\nis insanely bonkers. Uh they're still pretty solid \nand, you know, there's a lot you can do with t",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}