{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 56)",
  "content": "ed. When a user pays, um, \nadd some confetti or something upon the redirect  \n\nonly when they make it back after paying. Okay, \nafter a little bit more back and forth, you can  \n\nsee we actually have the right profile set up. So, \nI'm going to head back to Stripe, generate a new  \n\nkey, and then actually reveal and then copy this \nwhole key. And I'm just going to see if this ends  \n\nup working because that's the API functionality. \nOkay, we're still getting unauthorized. Um, this  \n\nusing this superb basease session. I don't know \nexactly what that is. I imagine this is probably  \n\ngoing to solve it. Yeah. Okay. So, we we're going \nto have to rewrite that a little bit. The good  \n\nnews is the name now saves along with various \npassword problems. Uh, we've now solved all of  \n\nthat. Wonder what managed subscription is going \nto look like. I've never been there before. Oh,  \n\nnice. Okay, cool. So we can actually like we we \nliterally have like our own managed subscription  \n\npage which is Sweet. Um why don't I go to \ndashboard just so I could take a look at that as  \n\nwell. Cool. So here are the generations and stuff \nlike that. Nothing upcoming because I don't think  \n\nwe have anything scheduled. Yep. Cool. Yeah. All \nright. This looks pretty good. Generated formats.  \n\nLinkedIn post two generated exert one generated \nformats generated. Cool. Cool. This tells me what  \n\nthey are now. And then we have access to all of \nour old posts. Awesome. So now I'm just going to  \n\nmobile optimize this and then run security audit. \nAnd then honestly that's it. We're live, baby. We  \n\ncan see we're actually sending over a live API \nrequest to the Splinter-app API as well. So,  \n\nthis isn't just a front-end app for us anymore. \nThis is entirely um yeah, this is super clean.  \n\nSuper clean. So, yeah, pretty stoked about that. \nWe also have the API functionality. Obviously,  \n\nwe could paste in links as you guys have seen. \nNot going to lie, this is pretty solid as far  \n\nas apps go. We uh now basically have something \nthat's capable of doing everything that I want.  \n\nLast thing is I'm just going to paste in this \nsecurity prompt. And just because we've done  \n\nthis what three times now, I'm not going to bore \nyou all with the details, but suffice to say,  \n\nusing Gemini 3.1 Pro in conjunction with Claude \nCode for both a mixture of front-end design and  \n\nthen backend configuration, route creation, \nand then payments, and so on and so forth,  \n\nis pretty dang efficient. Now, I should note \nthat we used a ton of tokens this time, and I  \n\ndon't actually recommend using that many tokens, \nlike committing that many tokens to an app. Um,  \n\nI just did this because I traded off speed uh \nbasically for money. I wanted to get this done  \n\nas quickly as humanly possible because of an \nupcoming engagement, not necessarily, you know,  \n\nhave three or four instances of cloud running \nor uh, you know, take three or four hours when  \n\nrealistically I could have done it in 45 minutes. \nSo, I'm not going to push the fast mode on you.  \n\nIt's just an option. Uh, just keep in mind it does \ncost a fair amount. This session was probably at  \n\nleast $70. And I'm sure you can imagine if \nyou develop an app every couple of days or  \n\nwork on your codebase every few days, that sort \nof thing is going to add up pretty quick. For me,  \n\nI'm happy to do it because of the arbitrage and \nthen the value that I got to produce. Hopefully  \n\nyou guys now see how to build an app just like \nthis. Not just a simple CRUD app, but a CRUD app  \n\nthat also has API wrapping functionality that does \nOOTH integration with social media platforms even,  \n\nwhich are some of the most secure and difficult \nto authenticate and organize. And then finally,  \n\num, payment integrations as well, like with \nStripe. All right, so you now know how to  \n\nvibe code an app. Congratulations. However, most \npeople that have gotten to this point are probably  \n\nnot just interested in building internal apps and \ntools for themselves. Like, if you've gotten to  \n\nthis point, you're probably really interested in \nbuilding for other people, whether it's consumers,  \n\nwhether it's other businesses, maybe it's some \norganizations that you're working with or whatever  \n\nyou want to help economize their workflow and so \non and so forth. And so, what I wanted to do next  \n\nis round out the course with a module all about \npricing, packaging, and selling what you build.  \n\nNow, most people that are here in your shoes, \nokay, that are probably interested in um pricing,  \n\npackaging, and selling what they just put \ntogether, don't really have any experience doing  \n\nso. And so, it's not that they don't have any like \nvibe coding um business experience. It's that they  \n\ndon't have any business experience in general. And \nso, what I wanted to do is just give you a very  \n\nhighle look at some tactics and playbooks that \nyou could follow to significantly streamline your  \n\nability to actually successfully go out there and \nthen sell this sort of stuff. whether you know at  \n\na small scale or whether at a large scale, whether \nyour goal is to replace your income or whether  \n\nyour goal is to, I don't know, start a business \nthat does $100 million. Now, I think there are  \n\na lot of people on YouTube that make courses on \nvibe coding and stuff and um they're like, \"Oh,  \n\nyou know, here's how you make all these super cool \ncrazy apps and here's how I spun up 500 clones and  \n\npublish them to the app store.\" But not a lot of \nthese people have actually made money. So, I know  \n\nthat this is a vibe coding course, but hopefully \nit'll allow me to dive a little bit into the  \n\nbusiness side of things because personally, that's \nwhat I find the most interesting. Collectively,  \n\nmy businesses make over $300,000 a month in \nprofit. Um, and that's a pretty easy number to  \n\nhit revenue-wise, I think, if you know what you're \ndoing. But profit-wise is a different story. So,  \n\nall this to say, you know, I I do this sort of \nthing professionally. I generate revenue outcomes  \n\nand profit outcomes professionally for businesses \nat this point. Let me run you guys through at  \n\nleast at a high level what I know and what you \nguys can use to make some money with vibe coding.  \n\nSo, the big thing I want you guys to know is over \nthe course of the next, you know, 5, 10, 20 years,  \n\num, software will no longer be the moat. So back \nin the day, right, 30, 40 years ago, if you were  \n\na cool startup and you were working on some new \ncomputer system, okay, and you were smarter than,  \n\nyou know, your competitors and you spent more time \non it than competitors, you might have had like  \n\na small edge and maybe with that small edge, you \nwould have carved out like an operating system or  \n\nsomething like that. And maybe potentially you \nwould have called that Windows OS and then you  \n\nwould have sold that at scale to people and that's \nhow you would have made your money. So if you  \n\nthink about it like Microsoft and Windows, Windows \nuh uh was like software mode, software as a mode.  \n\nSame thing with like the Apple brand of computers. \nSame thing with like I don't know applications  \n\nafterwards like Photoshop and like various \ndatabases and stuff like that. Businesses that  \n\nwere built entirely off of software made sense \nlike 30 or 40 years ago because software back then  \n\nwas very difficult to make. Okay. Well, nowadays \nsoftware is very easy to make as hopefully I've  \n\njust demonstrated here over the course of the \nlast six or seven hours or however long this  \n\ndamn course ended up being. So, we've transitioned \npretty heavily. Unfortunately, a lot of people are  \n\nstill stuck in that old school world where they \nthink, okay, that they're going to put together  \n\nthis incredible software solution that nobody else \nin the market can do because they're smart and  \n\nthey're intelligent and they're they're visionary, \nthey're a forward thinker. The probab",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}