{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 3)",
  "content": "conversation, so I can't start  \n\na new one. If I just write a, then I can click \nthis. Now, I'm in a new conversation. You'll  \n\nalso see down here that our history is populated. \nAnd we can see 4 seconds ago, I had the letter A.  \n\nUh 24 hours ago, I asked some questions about \nbackground images loading and stuff like that.  \n\nreally quick and easy way to create a new convo. \nUm, you can obviously also just use hotkeys. So,  \n\ncommand shift L will just automatically pop one up \nand then, you know, every time you type, you can  \n\njust make a new one and so on and so forth. Over \nhere are past conversations and so this will have  \n\nuh basically a list of every conversation I've \never had with AI. So, refining prompt for website  \n\ngeneration 47 minutes ago. This is something that \nI produced. Uh, when you click on that button,  \n\nit'll say, \"Hey, should we open in the current \nwindow? Should we open in a new workspace?\" So,  \n\nwhat I'm going to do is I'm going to open in a \nnew workspace. It'll open up a new folder. And  \n\nnow it'll actually pull through my conversation as \nwell as the specific file that I had open when I  \n\ndid this. In my case, I was preparing a website \nuh prompt basically a website generator prompt  \n\nfor this course uh which is right over here and I \nwas just having a back and forth for that. On the  \n\nright hand side, we also have additional options \nwhich allows us to do things like customize and  \n\nMCP servers. Customizations are pretty cool. \nBasically what you can do is you can define  \n\nhighle rules that guide the behavior of your AI \nmodel. So, we're going to get into ways to steer  \n\nthings as I mentioned in the um sort of outline of \nthis course, but rules are really quick and easy  \n\nways that you can either set globally or within \nthe specific folder that you're operating, okay,  \n\nto either control all instances of every line of \ncode or every conversation you have with Gemini  \n\nor you can do that within a fold. So, you can \nsee here I technically already have a rule and  \n\nit's called cinematic landing page builder \nrole. Your role is to act as a world-class  \n\nsenior creative technologist and lead front-end \nengineer. you build highfidelity cinematic one  \n\nto one pixel perfect landing pages. So this is \nsort of like my highle um workspace rule that  \n\nhelps constrain the behavior of the model. \nAnd you know this is actually pretty long,  \n\nright? Like you could scroll down this for quite \na while. Um this is one of the reasons why I have  \n\npretty good vibecoded quality because I basically \nput in a lot of style guide and highle information  \n\nto help the model you know make quick decisions on \nthe fly without having to ask me for stuff. So you  \n\ncan define that both globally or a workspace. If \nyou just click the button then you can enter the  \n\ninformation right over here. You click this button \nand you can just um create your new rule. So maybe  \n\nI want it to be called design guide. Oh, and you \nhave to use um you know hyphens in between each.  \n\nYou can't actually have any spaces. I'm just using \na little voice transcription tool. In this case,  \n\nthis one's called whisper flow. Um and then you \nknow you can basically specify an activation mode.  \n\nIs it always on? Is it manual? Do I set it? Do uh \nI leave it up to the model or do I do glob which  \n\napplies specifically to files that match some file \npattern? In practice, I never use glob. I never  \n\nuse model decision. I never use manual. I always \nuse always on. So in this case, I'd say, hey,  \n\nwhen you design websites, I want you to stick to a \nminimalistic, sleek aesthetic. I want you to build  \n\nthings that are significantly closer in design to, \nlet's say, the Apple homepage than anything else.  \n\nAnd I can populate that. If I wanted to run this, \nI would just save this file. And as you can see,  \n\nwe've now added that as a rule. Now, I \ndon't actually want this rule here. Um,  \n\nso what I'm going to do next is I'm just going \nto delete this. The way you do so is every time  \n\nyou generate a rule, it's now created inside of \nagent/ruules folder. So if you want to delete it,  \n\nyou just delete that. And now we're back to just \nthat one rule which is called the gemini.mmd. This  \n\ngemini.mmd is basically just the parent rule that \nalways applies if you have a file called capital  \n\ngemini.mmd in your workspace. All Gemini models \nwill just always take that as a rule. Um multiple  \n\ndifferent ways to define rules and stuff like \nthat as well. Not super important. There's also  \n\nworkflows which I think are probably nowadays \nbetter understood as skills where basically  \n\nsimilarly to rules you can define behaviors or \nspecific sequences of steps that you want your  \n\nagent to take every single time. So these can \nbe pretty cool and you can again define them  \n\nas global or workspace. So I could call this I \ndon't know code review here. I could say this  \n\nworkflow defines a code review process that goes \nthrough the code and then maximizes the security  \n\nof the vibe coded app. To start with, I want you \nto reference this document. This document includes  \n\ninformation about all sorts of high ROI security \npractices for vibe coded apps. After you're done,  \n\nI'd like you to go through each of these step \nby step. Uh make small incremental changes to  \n\nthe codebase. Try not to, you know, do everything \neverywhere all at once. and then verify with me  \n\nat the end that it works by asking me to test \nit before we push to production or anything  \n\nlike that. And so, you know, in this case, what \nI've done is I've I've built some quick little  \n\nrule here. And then maybe over here is where I \nput like my security stuff. And now, you know,  \n\nwhat I have is I have a quick little workflow \nthat after I'm done building my vibe coded app,  \n\nI can just say, \"Hey, I want you to run the code- \nreview workflow.\" and then it'll just go through  \n\nthis standard operating procedure, the sequence \nof steps, more similar to like the way that a  \n\nbusiness would operate with checklist style \ntasks. Again, I don't actually want this. Um,  \n\nso what I'm going to do is I'm going to go \nback here. I'm just going to delete this.  \n\nThat'll delete the code review customization. \nNow, there's also some other customizations  \n\nlike MCP servers. I'm going to talk a little bit \nmore about MCP servers later. But the way I want  \n\nyou to treat MCP servers for now is basically \nit's just a way to define workflows. It's just  \n\num workflows that somebody else did for you. \nAnd so these MCP servers essentially allow  \n\nyou to connect to different tools and then run \nstandardized workflows on those tools. So for  \n\ninstance, if I wanted to use a server like a \nPostgresSQL, there's a pre-existing workflow  \n\nbundle here called CloudSQL for PostgrSQL. This \nis a specific database language and specific  \n\ntype of database. This basically just defines \na checklist series of steps that the model will  \n\nalways do to communicate with us that I don't \nknow can translate my natural language queries  \n\ninto that if I wanted to. Same thing with Looker. \nSame thing with GitHub, Neon, Stripe. Basically,  \n\nthese just allow us to communicate with different \ntools in a very predictable way, which as I'm sure  \n\nyou can imagine if you're building high quality \nvibe coded apps can be pretty useful. That said,  \n\nthere are also some downsides to MCP server. \nSo, I don't really use them a lot in practice,  \n\nand we'll cover all that stuff later. For now, \nI don't want to overwhelm you. Okay, next up, we  \n\nhave the title of the current folder. As you can \nsee, this one's just called website-builder, not  \n\nrocket science. Then, we have the ability to add \nsome context here to our prompt. So, if I wanted  \n\nto, I could add media. I could add mentions. And \nI could also add workflows. Remember the little  \n\nworkflow that I put together earlier and then \ndeleted? If I had workflows, every time I wrote  \n",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}