{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 37)",
  "content": "laude Code together \non this app. So 10 out of 10 would do again. Um,  \n\nwe do have one more feature I guess which is that \nfeature that I talked about earlier where um,  \n\nyou know, if it doesn't scrape the leads through \nAppify, uh, sorry, the Appify codec crafter actor,  \n\nthen I wanted to pass that off to Google Maps. \nUh, I think for the purposes of demonstration,  \n\nlike we're pretty close to just wrapping up the \napp. And the purpose of this was not to do like  \n\nsome super crazy endto-end uh, like 500 different \nplatform scraping flow. The purpose is to show you  \n\nguys how to wrap around an API and how simple that \nis. So, I think I'll probably just leave that as  \n\nthat actor for now. But uh rest assured you could \nvery quickly and easily weave in uh you know logic  \n\nlike hey if this thing returns zero leads then I \nwant you to use this other approach. Um yeah that  \n\nlooks pretty good to me. I guess we could also add \nthat post any mailfinder step. H I might just do  \n\nthat instead once we're done the security audit. \nUm generally speaking though you do want to do  \n\nthe security audits at the very end. So might be \nskipping a step here. Not that big of a deal. Just  \n\nwanted to make sure we're all on the same page. \nOn the security side, if I just open up this agent  \n\nwindow, you can see that it has actually found \nsome major issues. Found major off bypass in the  \n\nAPI routes. It also found a hallucinated enthropic \npackage dependency. So, it's preparing some final  \n\nchecks. That is a big deal, right? Um, you know, \nit's done more or less exactly what I've asked it  \n\nto do. Go through with a fine tooththed comb and \nsee whether or not we can access routes without  \n\nactually having any sort of credentials. I can \nopen up the task right over here. And, uh, this is  \n\nwhere we're at. The first phase was where it was \njust identifying and running through the codebase.  \n\nAnd the second is now where it's running through \nevery single step here sort of like a tabular way.  \n\nIt's now finishing up the report generation. \nWe're going to take a look. So this looks like  \n\nit's quite critical. We have authentication bypass \nand paid API routes, some hallucinated malicious  \n\npackage dependencies, missing with check clauses \nand so on and so forth. So, what we can do is we  \n\ncan actually go through this whole thing and \nnot have this hallucinated anthropic package,  \n\nbut instead use the atanthropic-ai- SDK. So, I \nthink what I'm going to do is we're probably just  \n\ngoing to push it. Okay, great. Do the security \nfixes, make sure the app still works, of course.  \n\nAnd now we're going to run through this big list \nof detailed findings and fix it. Of note, this is  \n\nsignificantly less secure than u the other app. \njust off the get-go. And it's probably because  \n\nwe have some additional functionality where \nwe're basically like piping through API requests  \n\nand whatnot, right? We're also using a slightly \ndifferent framework. We're using Vit instead of  \n\nNex.js, which I think solves a few of these. Um, \nin total, I think the score is like something like  \n\n70% or so, whereas the previous app, I think, \nwas a little bit higher. But yeah, you know,  \n\nsome of these are quite quite severe. The fact \nthat you could bypass um the authenticated user.  \n\nSo if they're not authenticated, it skips the \ncheck entirely and proceeds to use the fallback  \n\nprocess API keys to execute the scrape. Any \nvisitor can hit this endpoint via curl or postman  \n\nwithout authenticating and your server will gladly \nrun expensive API ampy jobs, open a analysis or  \n\nanthropic calls all build to my personal account. \nThis is the same sort of issue that um I think  \n\nthere was with OpenClaw at the time where um \nyou know you could just like bypass one of  \n\nthe routes entirely, go on like their dashboard \nand then if they had some little server bypass  \n\nuh setting or flag not like explicitly opted out \nof then you could actually just use their own  \n\nkeys. And so in this way a lot of people had their \nkeys used not only leaked but also used and run  \n\nup something like 25,000 people. It's yeah quite \na big deal. Looks like we're now installing some  \n\ninput validation libraries and stuff like that \nand it's fixing the bypass. I'll get back to you  \n\nguys when all this stuff is done. Excellent. \nLooks solid. We now have everything that we  \n\nneed. I'm just going to take a quick peek at the \nfinal version of the app. Make sure everything  \n\nhere works the same way that it did initially. \nOpening up another list here. And this looks  \n\nsolid. Excellent. So hopefully you guys now see \nhow you guys could use Gemini in conjunction with  \n\ncloud code and anti-gravity to build an app not \nonly that has full stack database authentication,  \n\neverything else, but that also wraps around like a \npre-existing API. As mentioned, a lot of fantastic  \n\num SAS apps nowadays will either incorporate a \nwrapped API as like their main functionality or  \n\nthey'll like include this as one of the five \nor 10 or 15 different things. Realistically,  \n\nlike the software is no longer the moat. It's not \nreally that like, you know, you're going to build  \n\nsomething super incredible that solves a problem \nthat nobody else has ever solved before and then  \n\nyou're going to package it in a beautiful UX that \nnobody has ever put together before and then, you  \n\nknow, put it on the internet and then that is what \nis going to distinguish you out from from somebody  \n\nelse. And so in this way, you know, there are a \nlot of short-term opportunities you could take  \n\nadvantage of through app creation just by wrapping \npre-existing APIs that already do most of the  \n\nheavy lifting for you. And hopefully this Appify \nexample um was was a a good show of what that  \n\nmight look like. And by the way, just so we're on \nthe same page here, this is just one tiny little  \n\nactor of like thousands of different scrapers that \nyou could use. Just scrolling through Appify here,  \n\nyou guys see there's stuff like uh Trip Advisor \nreview scraper, DraftKings Scraper, there's  \n\nInstagram scraper, website content crawler, \ntweet scrapers off Twitter, land.com search,  \n\nInstagram comment bots, and so on and so on and so \nforth. You could build whatever functionality you  \n\nwant just by wrapping them around this service, \nwhich is quite affordable um and you know,  \n\nstraightforward and easy to use. And there also \na bunch of other services out there that are like  \n\nthis that do um similar things. So, I'm not going \nto tell you how to use one service or another,  \n\nbut yeah, like this Appify or API wrapper game \nis super super powerful and it's blowing up right  \n\nnow. The one thing that we didn't build today, \nobviously, was the payments integration, which is  \n\nsort of like that final missing piece. Um, so I'm \ngoing to talk a little bit about payments now and  \n\nthen after I'm done talking about payments, we'll \nactually go through and build our next app, which  \n\nis going to be one that allows us to go uh allows \nusers that use our app to go from everything from  \n\nlike going on a landing page, clicking buy, buying \nthe product or service, having some tokens added  \n\nto their account, credits, and so on so forth, \ngoing through like a full-fledged onboarding,  \n\nand then once the onboarding is done, basically \nbeing able to use the app. And in this way,  \n\nwe've successfully built up both our understanding \nand then our capability from plain old websites to  \n\num what will finally be like full stack apps that \ncombine everything that we've talked about here.  \n\nOkay, so let's have a brief conversation about \npayments. We've obviously set up authentication.  \n\nWe know what like the the general flow looks \nlike. When somebody signs up to your app, they  \n\ncan either get some sort of email notification \nthat they can verify after they're done with  \n\nthat. Then obviously they get they get access. \nA lot of this is ha",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}