{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 27)",
  "content": "r here if you wanted to, jump over here \nif you wanted to, jump over here if you wanted to,  \n\nand so on and so forth, all without just needing \nto like pollute your, you know, file system and  \n\nstuff like that. What's more, at any point you \ncould also branch out and make additional changes  \n\nhere, however much you want, called, I don't know, \nnew essay. And then you could share that new essay  \n\nuh with other people. Okay? Or what you could do \nis you could make the changes here and then you  \n\ncould actually take these changes and then merge \nthem with another pre-existing file to get some,  \n\nyou know, new better essay hypothetically. Um, you \ncould do that with apps, you could do that with  \n\nessays, you could do that with everything. \nPeople use version control to literally do  \n\neverything nowadays, research papers and so on \nand so forth included. So the major place where  \n\nmost version control happens now is on GitHub. And \nwhat we do is we've taken this concept of like a  \n\nfolder or a workspace and we've standardized it \ninto one called a repository. And so this idea  \n\nof a GitHub repository is very popular. You go \ninto github.com. This is what the website looks  \n\nlike. Okay. And you can see on the left hand side \nI'm signed in here. I have a bunch of different  \n\num repositories. I didn't even realize, but \nI have a bunch of people here that are like  \n\nstarring my repos and stuff. That's hilarious. \nUm I have a bunch of different repositories  \n\nhere like worklog make money with make gyro \napp.1c.copy.com copy.com, proposal generator,  \n\nand so on and so forth. And these are all \nbasically different projects that I've built. Now,  \n\nwhat's cool is if I click on any one of these, \nokay, you can actually see every change that I  \n\nhave made to this over the course of god knows \nhow long. This is basically over the course of I  \n\ndon't know 346 different changes. If I click this \nbutton, the wildest thing, so I can actually go  \n\nthrough and I can see literally every change I've \never made to this thing. And at any point in time,  \n\nokay, I can actually open up the details and then \nthe code itself to adjust what's going on. I could  \n\nuh restart my, you know, project from here. I I \nmean, I could do anything. I could share this with  \n\nother people really easily. Um, and so on and so \nforth. So, I say this not because I want this to  \n\nbe a comprehensive guide to GitHub. Obviously, \nit isn't. I just like gave you guys a very high  \n\nlevel overview. Um, but in a nutshell, all this \nis is just a way to store and and and save files.  \n\nAnd so whereas with our last couple of projects \nwith our portfolio site and then the um app that  \n\nwe just built, I wasn't using GitHub for any of \nit, from now on, what we're going to do is we're  \n\nactually going to take our big file structure \nthat we're developing locally and we're going  \n\nto constantly push it to GitHub so that we both \nhave like a saved version over there if anything  \n\nlocally occurs, but also we have the ability to \num share it with others. And then services that  \n\ndo deployment nowadays like Netlife, Versel, and \nand other platforms out there, they can often just  \n\npull directly from the GitHub. So I don't have to \nlike drag my folder in. I could just say, \"Hey,  \n\nhere's my GitHub repo.\" And then it'll just do all \nthe math and stuff for me. And then I don't even  \n\nhave to like rebuild it on Netlefi. What I could \ndo is I could just push it to this repo, make a  \n\ncouple of changes, and then Netifi will have \nlike a little hook that automatically rebuilds  \n\nthe site every time a change occurs. And this is \nhow you get like different pipelines set up with  \n\nlike production, staging, local, and so on and \nso forth. You can also create different branches  \n\nbranches. I guess I have one here called chest day \nworkout. That's pretty funny. Must have crushed  \n\nthat chest day. Um, and then just have agents \nmanage like everything to do with uh with whatever  \n\nproject you have. So, for instance, this is like a \nlittle work log that I set up that basically just  \n\nlike a list of things that I've done. I use it to \ntrack my own my own work. And uh I developed this  \n\nin just a few minutes with uh with claude code \nI think like two months ago essentially. The  \n\nlast thing I'm going to mention here is everybody \ngets a GitHub profile. And so there are a lot of  \n\npeople out there that are have very popular GitHub \nprofiles. This is usually where most open source  \n\nlives. So, you know, if you develop a really cool \nnew idea or new framework or something, you make a  \n\nGitHub repository and then you share it with other \npeople and then other people can also make changes  \n\nand then improve it over time. Um, that's what \na bunch of really popular repos tend to do. If  \n\nyou guys have checked out like the open claw one \nand and stuff like that, that's where they were  \n\ngetting um most of this this from. And then with \nagents, what you could do is you could actually  \n\njust have parallel instances of like 10,000 \noperating in the background, constantly scanning  \n\nthe workspace and then making micro adjustments \nand edits in a very interpretable and accountable  \n\nway. So the future of software development is \nbasically that decentralized GitHub repo pushing  \n\nand pulling and stuff. Okay, cool. I think we've \nnow done enough of like the traditional software  \n\nengineering concepts for you guys to know a lot \nmore about how to build these things efficiently.  \n\nUm, what I want to do now is just talk really \nbriefly about a couple of the different ways you  \n\ncould use agents to streamline your work. I know \nwe touched on this briefly with the repo stuff a  \n\nsecond ago, but I just want to zoom out a bit and \nthen just look at anti-gravity and look at some of  \n\nthe the potential and the functionality there in. \nOkay, so if I just go back to anti-gravity here,  \n\nyou know, I still have that old site set up. Um, \nI should be able to clear this just by going to  \n\nnew. Um, one of the simplest and easiest ways to \nmultiply your ability to work on a specific repo,  \n\nwhich is just what I'm going to call our workspace \nor file folders from now on, is basically just  \n\nrunning multiple different separate functions \nsimultaneously. And so, you know, I could say,  \n\nhey, do XYZ, and then I could just wait until this \nwhole thing is finished. And then I could give it  \n\nsome more instructions. Hey, thanks. Let's now do \nABC. Or what I could do is I could make use of the  \n\nability to start new conversations. And I could \nactually run multiple of these um simultaneously.  \n\nSo I think we're all familiar with just using the \nlittle agent tab on the right hand side. But in  \n\norder to parallelize your work and then work a \nlot faster, what we can do is we can zoom out of  \n\na specific workspace and then actually just look \nat like 3 4 5 10 100 agents working simultaneously  \n\nfor us and then just orchestrate their actions. \nThis can sound pretty bonkers if it's the first  \n\ntime you've done something like this, but this \nsort of functionality is actually built into  \n\nanti-gravity and uh it's also built into things \nlike cloud code and and stuff like that as well.  \n\nThe way you do so is with this agent manager in \nthe top right hand corner. So if I click the agent  \n\nmanager, what we've done now is we've zoomed out \nof a particular workspace. We actually have all  \n\nof our workspaces here listed on the lefth hand \nside. And you can actually see every conversation  \n\nyou've ever had inside of each workspace as well, \nwhich is really handy. So, this one's improving  \n\ndashboard UX. This one's listing directories and \nstuff like that. Here's a search I just said a  \n\nmoment ago, or I'm pretty sure I just said like \ndo ABC or something like that cuz I wanted to like  \n\nhave a bunch of these that I could quickly jump \nthrough. You can see in this case just ask me,  \n\nhey, what the heck is ABC? Wha",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}