{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 1)",
  "content": "Hey, welcome to the definitive course on vibe \ncoding for beginners. I use anti-gravity,  \n\nGemini 3.1 Pro, and Claude Code in my life every \nday to manage a business that does over $4 million  \n\na year in profit. I also teach around 2,000 people \nhow to use technologies just like this to improve  \n\ntheir lives, both personal and business. So, the \nway this course is going to work is it'll start by  \n\nteaching you guys how to set up anti-gravity, \nGemini, and then Claude Code in a simple  \n\ndevelopment environment. And then we're going to \njump right into the building. And we'll start with  \n\nsimple portfolio sites before working our way \nall the way up to full-fledged SAS apps with  \n\nauthentication, databases, and so on and so forth. \nAt every step along the way, I'm going to pause  \n\nand then show you guys some of the principles \nbehind what I just built. And my recommendation  \n\nis if you want to get the most out of this course, \nyou'd actually build alongside me. Okay, so no  \n\nfluff. Here's what we're going to cover. We'll \nstart with the simple toolkit. So anti-gravity,  \n\nGemini 3.1 Pro, and Claude Code. I'll give \nyou guys the best development environment  \n\navailable in probably around 15 minutes. Then \nwe'll build your first vibecoded product,  \n\nwhich in our case is going to be a personal \nsite designed with anti-gravity and Gemini.  \n\nYou'll have this live on the internet, including \ndeployment in about 15 minutes. After that,  \n\nI'll pause to talk authentication and security cuz \nI think it's one thing to build simple portfolio  \n\nsites and stuff, but if you wanted to push that \nout to a fullyfledged app with authentication,  \n\ndatabases, and a back end, a big issue in vibe \ncoding is security, and I want to make sure  \n\nthat we cover at least the 8020 of that. Then \nwe'll build another product, which will be a  \n\nclient-f facing dashboard with authentication, a \ndatabase, and a very clean UI. And at that point,  \n\nsince we'll have gotten our hands dirty, we \ncan then cover foundational concepts behind  \n\nmodern software applications, including hosting, \ndatabases, the major software design patterns,  \n\nversioning and GitHub repositories, the major \nframeworks currently available, then also how to  \n\nuse agents to vibe code all this stuff way faster. \nI'm then going to give you a design specific deep  \n\ndive, which is how to go from a rough idea to a \npolished professional design and anti-gravity.  \n\nThen we'll build our next product, which will be \na lead generation SAS app that scrapes, enriches,  \n\nand then cues up the sending of fully automatic \nemails. This is an actual system I use production.  \n\nAfter that, we'll do an AI based SAS app that \nuses AI to generate thumbnails. It's actually  \n\nreally similar to the system that I used to create \nthe thumbnail for the video you're watching right  \n\nnow. So, pretty meta. Once we're done with that, \nI'm going to teach you guys some debugging and  \n\niteration techniques. You guys will probably have \nseen me do a lot of this and hopefully have done  \n\na lot of it yourselves by now. But, I'm going \nto give you guys a simple framework that you  \n\ncould use to steer back Gemini and then claude \ncode anytime it starts veering outside of your  \n\nuh recommendations. And then finally, we'll build \na content automation SAS app that repurposes a  \n\nsingle piece of content across multiple platforms. \nThat's another system that I actually use. Before  \n\nwe wrap up, we'll talk about the economics of \nvibe coding, which is how to price, package,  \n\nand then sell what you build. And that's important \nbecause I find a lot of people watching this are  \n\nprobably going to be doing so not just for their \nown hobbies, but for financial reasons. We want to  \n\nmake money with the things that we build. Okay, so \nI care a lot about making money with this stuff.  \n\nI want to show you guys how to do that as well. \nHopefully that makes sense. Let's not waste any  \n\ntime. Let's strap in and get started. Okay, so \nhow do you actually set up anti-gravity? Just  \n\nhead over to anti-gravity.google. They actually \nhave like the Google domain name, which is  \n\nhilarious. and then just click on this little \ndownload button. If you guys are on a Windows,  \n\nit'll be download for Windows. Since I'm on a Mac \nOS, this is download for Mac OS. Now, if you guys  \n\ndon't know which one of these to select. It's \npretty easy. Most modern computing applications  \n\nnowadays have the ability to type like about \nand then you can just go about this Mac,  \n\nabout this PC or whatever. And then it'll tell you \nwhether or not you are an Apple silicon or Intel  \n\nsilicon for instance with this line right here. \nIf I was on Intel, it would actually say like an  \n\nIntel M whatever. Because I'm on an Apple silicon, \nit says Apple M4 Max. And so this is the one that  \n\nI need to download. If you guys are on Windows, \ndouble check to see if it says x64 anywhere.  \n\nIf you guys are on Linux, you probably know more \nabout computers than I, so I'll stop embarrassing  \n\nmyself. So I'm going to give this button a quick \nclick. That is going to download the anti-gravity  \n\ninstaller. On Mac, what ends up happening is we \nget a little thing in the top right hand corner  \n\nhere, which is anti-gravity. And then all you guys \nhave to do is just drag this anti-gravity app into  \n\nthe applications folder and then let go. I already \nhave anti-gravity installed, so I'm not going to  \n\ndo that part. But that that's the installation. \nIt's about that easy, at least on Mac. On PC,  \n\nyou're going to have a little screen that pops up. \nJust click accept a bunch of times until you're  \n\ndone. Okay. After that, what you're going to get \nis a page that looks something like this. So, I'm  \n\njust going to zoom in to make things a little bit \nmore visible. And hopefully my big head doesn't  \n\nget in the way. But basically, um the way that \nanti-gravity works is you have to connect to your  \n\nGoogle account in order to get up and running. \nAnd once you connect your Google account, you  \n\ncan also use um you know, Gemini as a model. Uh \nthe reason why this isn't popping up on the right  \n\nhand side as you see is because we haven't logged \nin with Google yet. So, what I'm going to do next,  \n\nI'm going to click this login with Google button. \nI'm then going to sign in and click sign in. and  \n\nthen it'll successfully authenticate you and then \ntake you back to the main menu. After that's done,  \n\nyou'll see up at the top we have a bunch more \nfeatures. In order to open up the AI feature,  \n\njust click on this one on the right. It's \ncalled your agent. There's also a little hotkey,  \n\nwhich I use pretty often, which is just \num option uh commandB. And by doing this,  \n\nI can make this pop out really quickly and \neasily. Obviously, if you're on Windows,  \n\nthings will be a little bit different, but it's \nnot that bad. Now, you're inside of anti-gravity.  \n\nYou can actually have a conversation. So, I'm \ngoing to say, \"Hey, what's up?\" I'm going to  \n\nrun through the UX of how to communicate with your \nagent in a second, but I just wanted to show you  \n\nguys how easy it is to actually get the AI part \nup and running. Um, Gemini 3.1 Pro High should be  \n\nprovided to everybody, although with different \nusage limits depending on whether or not you  \n\nupgrade their plans and so on and so forth. And \nyou also have other models too, like 3.1 Pro Low,  \n\nGemini 3 Flash, Sonnet 4.6, Opus 4.6, and so on. \nOkay, cool. So, that's just getting anti-gravity  \n\nup and running. The next thing I want to do is I \nactually want to explain the UX. After I explain  \n\nthe UX, I'll also talk about Claude Code, which \nis the alternative chat window, kind of like this  \n\nlittle agent chat widget, um, except for the Cloud \nseries of models that performs really, really well  \n\nin specific applications, which we're also going \nto use in conjunction with Gemini in this course.  \n\nSo, really, I want you",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}