{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 39)",
  "content": "hem.  \n\nJust trying to replace everything I'm about to \ntell you with with that. So, you're going to  \n\nhave to go through some prolonged signup process \nobviously and some of the stuff is going to take  \n\na while to implement. You're going to have to, you \nknow, verify your identity and stuff like any good  \n\npayment platform. Um, but this is really clean \nand it's it's a really good service. After that,  \n\nyou'll be taken to a dashboard that looks \nsomething like this. in the top right hand  \n\ncorner there'll there'll be a little test mode \ntoggle which I'd recommend turning on. If you  \n\nhead to the top lefthand corner you can then go \nswitch sandbox and then click create sandbox.  \n\nThat's what we're going to do. Um when you go \nthrough that little prompt uh create it or model  \n\nit after you pre-existing Stripe account and then \nyou'll have an account that looks like this which  \n\nbasically will just model over your real account \nand then give you the ability to like collect  \n\nu publishable keys or secret keys at a \nbutton. Make sure not to reveal these.  \n\nThese are super important if you did reveal like \nyour your real keys, not your sandbox keys. Um,  \n\na developer would basically have full access over \nliterally everything ever, which is kind of crazy.  \n\nSo, don't ever do that unless you want a random \n$10 million bill in your Stripe account. They'd  \n\nprobably cap it after a few thousand, but yeah, \nwould not want that to happen to you. And then  \n\nonce you're done with this, you're you're actually \npretty good. We're just going to give our agent  \n\nthe publishable and secret keys, and then it'll \nlike handle the rest of the payments for us. Okay,  \n\nso that's step number one. Step number two, I'm \njust going to go back to anti-gravity. And then  \n\nnow, let's exit out of this lead scraping SAS. go \nopen folder and I'm going to call this thumbnail  \n\ngenerator. Open this puppy up. And now we are \nbasically in a fresh uninitialized workspace  \n\nhere with just the folder name. And just like we \ndid the first couple of times uh to develop full  \n\nstack apps. We're going to do more or less the \nsame idea. I'm going to go find a screenshot of  \n\nsomething that I like that I think looks really \nclean and that I want to model my app around.  \n\nAnd then I'm just going to like voice dictate \ngive it a big dump of what it is that I want it  \n\nto do. And then I'm just going to have it like go \nand give me its demo. Um, once we have that demo,  \n\nwe can like in that little mining gif, uh, or \nsorry, mining meme, we can like progressively  \n\nmine all the BS until eventually we hit gold. \nAnd once we've hit that little gold cavern,  \n\nthen we can actually do some work and make our \napp better and better. Um, at a very high level  \n\nthough, uh, let me show you guys how I'm thinking \nthat this app is going to work. So, basically,  \n\num, just like we had before, you know, we want \na landing page. That landing page is going to be  \n\nlike any relatively simple marketing page, right? \nWhat's going to occur is there'll be a little  \n\npayment section. When they click on this payment \nuh button or whatever, basically what's going to  \n\noccur is they'll be taken to the authentication \nor a sign up. Um after they sign up, they'll be  \n\ntaken to the ability to pay and that'll be \nlike the one click that takes us to like the  \n\nStripe checkout. We're going to do this based off \ncredits. So after they pay, we'll then provision  \n\naccess to the app. What's the app actually going \nto look like on the internal side? Um well,  \n\nit's going to be pretty straightforward. You're \ngoing to have a dashboard which allows you to see  \n\nall of your generated apps, uh, sorry, generated \nthumbnails and everything like that. You're  \n\ngoing to have like a config page similar to the \nscraper that allows you to do things like upload  \n\nimages of yourself. Um, when you upload images of \nyourself, uh, you'll be able to basically have the  \n\nmodel generate thumbnails for YouTube or other uh, \ncontent platforms that include you. Uh, and then  \n\nwe're also going to have like the generate page. \nAnd this generate page is where we're going to  \n\nbe able to, you know, put in some some prompts \nand and stuff like that. and then it'll pass  \n\nthrough. And the idea is what we're going to do \nis we're going to pass through using nano banana.\n\nAnd the way it's going to work is we're going to \nfeed in um like an inspiration thumbnail. And then  \n\nin addition, we're also going to feed in a prompt \nwith changes. And then it'll do its best to model  \n\nthat. And it's not just going to do it once, it's \ngoing to do it, I don't know, like three times.  \n\nAnd then it'll spit out, you know, three potential \noptions, A, B, or C. And then you just pick one.  \n\nAnd this is going to be the one that gets saved. \nThis is going to use our Nano Banana Pro key. And  \n\nso in that way, it's going to be consuming our app \ncredit usage. Um, we're not going to go through  \n\nthe process of like signing up a developer app or \nanything like that to to let that happen because  \n\nsometimes some of these platforms are like, hey, \nif you want to resell our tokens or if you want  \n\nto resell credits, you need to go through \nsome additional steps. Um, but basically,  \n\nin a nutshell, that's going to be your completed \none. And then this is going to show up in orders.  \n\nAnd then every single time we do that, if you \nthink about it, we're also going to um consume  \n\nsome credits that they have because they're \nbuying based off of credits. So I don't know,  \n\nmaybe every time we generate we'll consume three \ncredits and then I don't know, maybe like it'll  \n\nbe like $1 equals 10 credits or something. We'll \nkeep it really simple obviously, but if you were  \n\na business, you'd actually want to run through \nlike the economics of pricing and stuff like that.  \n\nOkay, so pretty straightforward, pretty simple. \nUm why don't we start with that first step which  \n\nis finding some design inspiration. Then I'm going \nto do a big voice dump. After we're done with the  \n\nvoice dump and the design inspiration, we're going \nto produce it locally. Once we produce it locally,  \n\nwe'll iterate test. Then we'll push it um to like \nactual databases. We'll iterate test. Then we'll  \n\nmake it live on Netlefi. Iterate test. Then \nfinally, we do a security audit. Same thing  \n\nthat we did before. Just going to head over here \nand I'll type web app because a lot of these are  \n\nmobile based and I just want this one to be \nnot mobile based for now. I want this to be  \n\nreally clean. In fact, I want this to be like the \ncleanest, sexiest app that we've developed so far.  \n\nSo, I really like this design. That looks really \nclean, but obviously it's not like a like an app,  \n\nper se. I also really like this design. Okay, \nthat's really sexy. I'm liking this like dark  \n\nkind of like glass. I don't know what it's called. \nIsomorphism. Like, this is crazy. Activating new  \n\nbrain paths. Look at how sexy that is. So, \nwe're going to go over something like that.  \n\nThis one's really, really good. This guy Jack R is \na freaking genius here. He actually included the  \n\nfont down below as well as the color palette and \neverything like that. Um, this is for like some  \n\napp that supposedly monitors your brain waves, \nwhich is wild. Uh, we're obviously not making  \n\nan app that monitors brain waves. We're making an \napp that uh gets me more subscribers on YouTube,  \n\nbut still super clean. I like this. And the fact \nthat he provided the fonts and stuff means that  \n\nI'm going for it. So, I'm just going to take this \nimage here, copy it, paste that into thumbnail  \n\ngenerator, and then I'm also going to feed in \njust some design information. I'll say font lufka  \n\num primary F4 E18E secondaries, and then I'll go \nD6, D6, D5, and then D. Is that a B or an eight? I  \n\nthink that's a B. DB DB DB. Uh, anything else that \nwe need? We also have the white is going to be ",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}