{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 49)",
  "content": "regating all these things  \n\ntogether. I mean, I'm just moving my mouse around \nand there's clearly a deep relationship here,  \n\nbut I can't exactly figure it out. I think that's \nbecause they're modeling this in 3D instead of 2D.  \n\nBecomes a lot simpler when you see them in black \nlike this. There's definitely some 3D going on  \n\nhere as we could see. And honestly, I think I like \nthe black. Um I like the 3D translation. So, I'm  \n\njust going to keep it at that. All right, awesome. \nSo, now that we're done with this, um, now I'm  \n\njust going to modify the content on this page. And \nI'm just going to do it by giving Gemini the rest  \n\nof the instructions and saying go for it. Um, you \nknow, we're going to want to clean out some of the  \n\ncontacts and stuff. Uh, but I'll show you guys \nwhat that looks like. So, I'm going to say to  \n\nadjust the copy on the page to match the purpose \nof the app, which you can find in this side of  \n\nthis spec. I'm not actually going to like manually \ndo any of this. And then it'll go through and then  \n\njust adjust the rest of it. And yeah, I didn't \nactually realize, but this is this is definitely  \n\nlike a portal that we are moving through in 3D \nspace. So, it's actually more complex than I  \n\nthought it was. Looks clean to me. We now have \neverything here set up. All of the syndication  \n\ntext is in now. Um, it's still saying synapse, \nwhich is kind of annoying. I don't think it got to  \n\nthat. Cool. Good to go. So, let's build the rest \nof the app now. Um, for us, it's going to be as  \n\nsimple as just sending all of this information \nover to Gemini and saying, \"Excellent work.  \n\nI'd now like you to build the rest of the app \nas detailed in splinter_spec.md. But there's one  \n\nchange. I'm going to say along the way document \neach update in an updates.md file so that we have  \n\na history of tracked changes in case something \noccurs or I need to feed this into another version  \n\nof the model of Gemini. And the reason I'm doing \nthis is because this is a pretty crazy long app,  \n\nright? There's a fair amount that's going on here. \nUm, I anticipate I'm probably going to run out of  \n\ntokens at some point because I ran out of tokens \nabout an hour and a half into the development of  \n\nmost apps so far. What I want is I basically just \nwant like a list of everything that it has done  \n\nup until the time that it did not do the thing. \nUm, and I'm just going to store it in a file that  \n\nI can then give to either another version of \nGemini later on or clawed Opus 4.6 or whatever  \n\nthe freaking model I want. And in this way, this \nis almost like a GitHub um repo before I get all  \n\nthe pushing logic and stuff in. But it gets to \ntake advantage of AI summarization features. So  \n\nI'm not going to have to load the codebase every \nsingle time. I want to like analyze and you know  \n\nsee what the problem is. This section cracked me \nup a ton because I don't know if you guys have  \n\nuh seen the draw the rest of the owl meme, but \nbasically it's like how to draw an owl. Draw some  \n\ncircles. Draw the rest of the freaking owl. Um \nI feel like we've just done this so far and it's  \n\ndoing that. So, thank goodness for AI, huh? This \ninitial implementation plan is going to be heavily  \n\nmodified since we're no longer just building \na one kind of uh file uh website. Instead,  \n\nwe're going to be distributing some of the stuff \nacross big file structure. Here you can see that  \n\nit's also set at the updates.m MD, which is quite \nnice. So, we're going to see technical decisions,  \n\nfeature implementations, and significant changes \napplied to the Splinter project. And my hope is by  \n\ndoing it this way and then later on feeding this \nto um you know claude I can have both of these  \n\nmodels both claude code uh sorry claude opus 4.6 \nand then gemini 3.1 pro high basically like debate  \n\nabout which features are better which things \nto keep and then which things to remove. Agent  \n\nteams in cloud code does a variation of this right \nnow where basically they have like a shared chat  \n\nfile and then they chat back and forth. Um, this \nupdates to me is just a slightly more streamlined  \n\nversion of doing that without me having to \nwaste $400 in tokens cuz boy does that agent  \n\nteams feature consume a lot of them. All right, \nso it's built the MVP implementation plan. Just  \n\ntaking a quick peek through this. This is going \nto need everything here, which is fine. Hopefully,  \n\nwe are very used to getting all those API keys \nnow. And yeah, we're going to initialize Nex.js  \n\ndirectly inside of this root directory. So, \nit's going to do all of these steps here. Oh,  \n\nhold on. I see that it's not actually taking that \ninto account. I'll say initialize in the same um  \n\nfolder as root hero.html will be our landing page. \nJust want to make sure that's super clear. And in  \n\nthis way I get to pause the outputs. I'm not going \nto waste a bunch of usage on you know building it  \n\nout and so on and so forth. That's where taking \na peek especially initially at what um Gemini is  \n\ndoing can be pretty valuable. I always liken this \nto sort of like a trajectory sort of thing. Let's  \n\nsay over here is um I don't know South America, \nokay, on the left hand side and then over here  \n\nis the westmost coast of Africa and hypothetically \nyou are a boat trying to make it from one side to  \n\nthe other. And so this is you, right? And then \nyour goal is you want to go over here. Well,  \n\nlogically speaking as you are leaving the port on \nthe eastmost side of South America. Okay. Um there  \n\nare a lot of different directions you could go. \nYou go this way, you go that way, you go this way.  \n\nonly a very small subset of these directions will \nactually get you to your goal. Obviously, you're  \n\ngoing to need to go like here, right? And even \nthen, I'm a little bit off. And so, initially,  \n\nI guess what I'm trying to say is the direction \nthat you pick even in like the first kilometer  \n\nas a boat heading to to to sail is really really \nimportant for determining the final placement of  \n\nthe app. Um, even if I was like one tiny little \ndegree off, that could be the difference between  \n\nme making it directly on target and then I don't \nknow like a one degree difference or something  \n\ncould be the difference between me making it to \ncity that's like 100 km away. And so I usually  \n\nlike to be around here to steer the model and \nthen once it's sort of like in this territory  \n\nor whatever, you know, if it's like on track well \nenough that I think it's like going to be okay,  \n\nthen I don't really worry too much about that. Now \non the right hand side here you see that the error  \n\num the agent actually ran into an error. This is \nanother reason why I like being around. This can  \n\noccur for a number of reasons. This could occur \nfor token issues. It could occur because I don't  \n\nknow like the API is just out. It could occur for \nrate limiting reasons or just because sometimes  \n\num some of these packages don't actually interact \nnicely with Gemini and then it kind of struggles  \n\nwith the terminal. But yeah, I'm just going \nto be around for the first couple minutes for  \n\na build that this is this comprehensive because \nI don't want it to like make a wrong assumption  \n\nand then build something completely different to \nwhat I want and then later on I'm just going to  \n\nhave to go back and and redo it all anyway. Okay, \nyou got the app right over here. So, it's looking  \n\npretty sexy. If I click get started, we now can \nsign in or sign up. So, I'm just going to pretend  \n\nthat I've done all of that. Now, we have the \nonboarding. So, initialize workspace. Cool. So,  \n\nthis is like all the platforms that I'd want to \nconnect to. It's good. This is really interesting.  \n\nFormality index, humor coefficient. I like that, \nbut I think we're going to have to add some to it.  \n\nSo, I'm just going to go back to the model and \nthen I'll say change voice profile to a defau",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}