{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 24)",
  "content": "n we test and verify just like I did \na moment ago for my app. And then once we're done,  \n\nwe push to what's called a staging server, okay? \nWhich is sort of like an intermediary between  \n\num having everything on your machine and then have \neverything accessible to your customers. Once it's  \n\non a staging server, we then test and verify. \nAnd then once we're done testing and verifying,  \n\nthen we and only then do we actually push to \nproduction, which is like the thing that um  \n\ncustomers and and users can actually use. And so \nthe process is basically always just like um local  \n\nstaging production. And this is not super relevant \nfor our last step, but it'll become more relevant  \n\nwhen we use things like GitHub repositories and \nversion control because there are changes that  \n\nyou can make locally. other people can be working \non changes on the staging server and then other  \n\npeople can be working on changes even on like \nthe production server. Although ideally you  \n\ndon't make live changes because a single live \nchange can like screw up your your whole work  \n\num like your whole app like you saw earlier. Uh \nand then you can actually just spread it across  \n\nhave multiple people working on multiple things \nsimultaneously. So that in a nutshell is basically  \n\neverything you guys need to know about hosting. \nUm you do obviously need to pay for hosting for  \n\nmost services like you know you're not going to \nbe able to sign up to hosting or or site ground or  \n\nwhatever for free. This is basically you renting \na computer for the purposes of hosting your  \n\napplication on it and then having users interact \nwith it. And obviously every time some user goes  \n\nto a website or whatever and there's a request \nmade to the host, the host consumes a little bit  \n\nof electricity. There's like a little bit of of \na cost back there. So they um they arbitrage that  \n\nand then they charge you some big multiple. And \nthere's like a bajillion hosts out there. There's  \n\nlike VPS's, virtual private servers. There's like \ndedicated um computers or dedicated servers you  \n\ncould buy. There's like whole computers basically \nor whole servers that you could buy. Or what they  \n\ndo is they take one server and they divide it into \nlike 50 servers and then slowly partition it out.  \n\nThere's like so many different ways of doing this \nthat it's not really worth us getting into. But  \n\nsuffice to say, this is just like the basic model \nof um communication. Another thing that's really  \n\nimportant to understand are databases. Now, for \nall intents and purposes, like I talked about,  \n\nthese are basically just like a Google sheet. \nIf you guys have ever used a Google sheet or  \n\nyou ever used Excel or anything like that, the \nbest mental model I found so far is just to  \n\ntreat every database that you use like um a Google \nsheet. So, just like a Google sheet, you'll always  \n\nhave like header row, uh, a header row, which is \nbasically just like the titles of every single  \n\ncolumn in your database. So, in this instance, \nfor instance, our table, which I just move my  \n\nbig head out of the way, is called sheet one down \nhere. Okay? And sheet one, okay, is just one of  \n\nmany possible tables in our database. We can make \n100 more tables if we wanted to, but they're all  \n\ngoing to be divided into like sheet one, sheet \ntwo, sheet three, or whatever the heck we title  \n\nthem. Now inside of sheet one um we have uh three \ncolumns here. The first column has a header name  \n\nor a key of id. The second has a header name or a \nkey of date underscore created and then the third  \n\nhas a a header name or a key name of value. Now \nunderneath this sort of initial row which just  \n\ndefines the names of all of the various fields. Um \nwe then have the values themselves. And so this is  \n\na database for instance that contains a one record \nor one row. If I duplicated this a bunch and then  \n\nI don't know wrote some other IDs here because \nthis is going to be important. You can see now we  \n\nhave a database um with one table called sheet one \nthat now consists of four rows. Okay, the thing  \n\nis depending on the type of database that you're \nusing. Okay, you need what's called a primary key.  \n\nAnd a primary key is just something that's unique, \none column that is basically always unique from  \n\nrow to row that basically defines that row or \nthat record as like being super unique and not  \n\nexisting anywhere else. And so for the purposes of \nthis database, the primary key is going to be the  \n\nID because the ID is always going to be different \nbetween each record. If you have two records with  \n\nthe same ID, obviously there's a conflict. If you \nthink about it logically, the reason why we need  \n\nit structured in this way is because if we have \ninstructions in our server and the instructions  \n\nare to pull a specific record from a database and \nit's like, hey, I want you to grab the record with  \n\nthe ID 23FI23F2 and it turns out there's like 10 \nrecords like that. You'll return 10 records and  \n\nhow are you supposed to visualize 10 records? Like \nthat's going to, you know, it's going to screw up  \n\nwhatever your logic is unless you specifically \nhandle for that. And so these databases for  \n\nthe most part, most people that vibe code apps \nsuffered using the SQL database with um separate  \n\nprimary keys are typically organized in that way \nwhere you have one sort of like starred column.  \n\nAnd so I'm just going to make this one the starred \ncolumn. It's the yellow one. And then these here  \n\ncan be the exact same. Like you could technically \nhave 100 records all created in the same day,  \n\nbut since they have different IDs, they're all \ndifferent records, right? Same thing with the  \n\nvalue. Okay? So just like in a Google sheet or an \nExcel file, you can actually like filter things  \n\nout. Um you can do the same thing inside of a \ndatabase. So if I go back to our little example  \n\nhere and then um I add a filter which I can do on \nsheets really easily just using a little hotkey.  \n\nYou can also just go to data and then you could \nclick on create a filter if you wanted to follow  \n\nalong this demonstration. What you can do is \nif you click on this little filter button you  \n\ncan see that you can now just filter specific \nrecords. Like I could for instance only grab  \n\num you know this record here 23FI. Okay. And if \nI did so it would remove all of the additional  \n\nrecords here and then I'd only be looking at this \ndata. And so every time that a server makes a  \n\nrequest to a database, that's basically what it's \ndoing under the hood, it's just doing this in like  \n\na fully automated fashion. Likewise, I can filter \nbased off of fields that are not my primary key.  \n\nSo maybe in date created, what I wanted to do is \nI wanted to grab all records that have 2025-10-3.  \n\nSo as you can see here, now I'm grabbing multiple \nrecords, okay? But each of these have different  \n\nprimary keys. And this is just a way that I could \nfilter stuff. It's just like using a search bar,  \n\nright? You can do the same thing for value, do the \nsame thing for whatever the heck else you want,  \n\num, you know, in your database. So basically \nevery time that you send a request from you know  \n\nyour client your browser by clicking a button \nyou send that request to the server the server  \n\ninterprets it. What it's doing is it's sending \nanother request to a database which um you know  \n\nis basically just acting like a big Google Sheets \nfilter. Now the cool thing is there's two major  \n\ntypes of databases right now. The first is called \nSQLbased. So SQLbased is divided into a bunch of  \n\ndifferent popular versions. I mean really there's \nlike a thousand but three most popular ones right  \n\nnow are my SQL postgrql which is probably the \nmost popular one and then SQLite and then you  \n\nalso have what are called NoSQL databases like \nMongoDB and Cassandra. How I've always worked with  \n\nthe differences is SQLbased datab",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}