{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 11)",
  "content": "age is legit.  \n\nLet's do it.\" And then it sends all the API keys \nto the service. So, I mean, like in practice, it's  \n\nnot anywhere near as big of a deal as just like \nserver side validation um issues or RLS, but yeah,  \n\nI mean, like it can be a problem. Another issue \nis AI will typically download like older versions  \n\nand stuff like that if it's not constantly \ninstructed not to which means you might be  \n\npulling in a package with a security vulnerability \nthat you know actually got patched months or years  \n\nago. So in general the recommendation is ensure \nyou get the most updated packages as possible  \n\nas opposed to like you know older ones. And then \nfinally this authentication middleware bit. Um in  \n\ncase you've ever accessed like an authenticated \nservice before typically the way that it works  \n\nis you'll have some thing. So I'm just going to \nopen up a new thing and I'll go cloud.ai. Um,  \n\nI don't know, slashnew. When I click on this, do \nyou notice how it just immediately jump me back  \n\nto sluggin? Claw. New is like how you make a new \nthread, right? Well, there are some apps out there  \n\nwhere you'll pump in like claw.ai/ um I don't \nknow, maybe chat or something like that. Okay.  \n\nAnd then basically you'll be able to act despite \nthe fact that you're not logged in, you'll be  \n\nable to access chat if you just know that like \nthe URL is chat. Now obviously these guys are a  \n\nmajor billion dollar maybe even trillion dollar \ncompany by now. So every time I try and access  \n\nthis it immediately jumps you back to login. But \nthis is behavior that is handled by this thing  \n\ncalled authentication middleware where basically \nwhen you try and access routes that aren't your  \n\nroutes okay like settings and general and new and \nand chat u it just knows that okay well you're not  \n\nactually logged in so I can't show you that. I \nneed to get you back to the login page first.  \n\nAnd so you know poor app design includes people \nforgetting to put in authentication middleware um  \n\nand then people have the ability to access pages \nthey shouldn't. And then sometimes it like allows  \n\nthem to manipulate things, rack up API usage uh \ncalls and stuff like that. So you can fix this by  \n\njust ensuring middleware secures all routes. Okay, \nso like I didn't want to make this little module  \n\nhere because it's boring as hell, but just know \nthat you know most people that build vibe coded  \n\napps will miss one of these five features and \nthen vibe coding in general just gets a really  \n\nbad name because people just don't secure their \n[ __ ] right? The reality is like nothing is 100%  \n\nsecure as I said, but if you just do these five \nthings and then um you know ask your AI models  \n\nto fix them, uh you know, it'll do a reasonably \ngood job and I'd say about 80% of your security  \n\nissues are going to be handled, especially that \nrowle security thing. So what I've done is I've  \n\nactually gone through and I've created a massive \nprompt for all of you guys that you can use  \n\nright over here. It's called the security audit \nprompt. You just copy everything below this line,  \n\nokay? And what you do is you give it to your model \nand you say, \"Hey, you know, I want you to check  \n\nto see if all of this stuff is done.\" Then after \nyou're done, um, you know, flag all of your issues  \n\nand then ask me what you want me to do about all \nthese issues. So, hypothetically, I mean, I'm just  \n\ngoing to paste this whole prompt in, and I just \ndid to our website. Um, the issue with the website  \n\nis obviously there's no real authentication going \non, right? So, it's not like it really matters too  \n\nmuch. Uh, but still, you know, it's a reasonable \nway for us to at least run through this. And now,  \n\nuh, Gemini 3.1 Pro High, and I always recommend \nusing the smartest model for this stuff, is now  \n\njust going to like take this prompt, pump through \nliterally everything, and then just say like,  \n\n\"Hey, this is good. Hey, this is bad. Hey, this \nis good. Hey, this is bad.\" And then we're going  \n\nto secure it by basically just saying, \"Okay, fix \neverything that's bad.\" Okay. And now it's given  \n\nus a big returned checklist. It's saying that the \ncodebase is a classic static front end. Here's  \n\nthe systematic audit. No hard-coded secrets, no \nAPI keys, and so on and so forth. No git ignore,  \n\nwhich is something that they typically recommend \nto um prevent you pushing yourv, no console log  \n\nstatements, you know, a bunch of things. And it \nlooks like, you know, we didn't actually have  \n\nany to go off of for most of this. If you scroll \nall the way down, it'll actually show you like  \n\nhere's the big checklist summary. Uh because this \nisn't an app with any authentication, right? So,  \n\nit's just like a website. And so, because of that, \nonly these checklist features are the only things  \n\nthat are relevant. But we did fail two. So, I'm \ngoing to say is fix the two that failed. And then  \n\nuh it's just going to go through. It's going to \nadd the git ignore. It's going to add a couple  \n\nother things. You know, this takes time, right? \nI mean, it it's going to take me some token costs  \n\nas well. I'm going to spend some money on this \nessentially. So, unsurprisingly, people don't want  \n\nto do this and uh that people typically forget \nit. But, you know, this is an 8020 pass. It's  \n\nnot going to fix everything, but it's going to fix \nthe low hanging fruit, which is to be honest what  \n\nmost people really just care about. When you vibe \ncode an app and you publish it and then it starts  \n\nscaling and you start making some money from it \nobviously then you can take some of that money use  \n\nit to hire maybe an actual security engineer and \nhave them audit your project and stuff like that.  \n\nOkay. And here you go. It did. So it updated this \nto add the get ignore and then it updated this to  \n\num update eslint and resolve all four high high \nseverity mini match vulnerabilities which is  \n\ncool. So yeah, looks like we are now solid. Let's \nmove on to something a little more interesting,  \n\nwhich is taking everything that we now know about \nhow to build a beautiful front end and then how to  \n\ndo security audits and stuff like that and \nthen combine it into a full stack app. So,  \n\nnext up, we're going to build a fullyfledged \nSAS app. The app that I want to build today  \n\nis a client dashboard platform for a hypothetical \ncontent writing company. And so, like any typical  \n\nclient dashboard, we're going to want to be able \nto create orders, um, view pending orders. We're  \n\ngoing to want to have like a nice sexy dashboard \nwhich gives us an overview of everything,  \n\nour stats and so on and so forth. Then we're \nalso going to want some sort of like settings  \n\nor configuration page. Then on top of that, we're \ngoing to need some sort of login naturally. And  \n\nthen I think at the very end, I'm also going to \nproduce a nice sexy landing page just to tie it  \n\nall together. And then I'm going to push it uh \nlive to production as well, just so you guys could  \n\nsee how it all interacts. Before we actually do \nthe building, I just want to run you guys through  \n\nwhat I consider to be the uh basically major vibe \ncoding design loop as of right now. And obviously  \n\nthere's a bunch of different ways to build apps. \nAnd I don't want you guys to think this is like  \n\nthe the end- all beall. There are many many \ndifferent ways to do this. But in my experience,  \n\nthis is like one of the one of the good ones \nright now. And if you follow this sort of flow,  \n\num you'll save yourself a fair amount of time \nlater on just in terms of like the design and  \n\nthen also security because um as I talked about \nin the security module, there's a fair amount  \n\nthat goes into designing like a wellsecured \napp. So the way that this works in general is  \n\nwe start with some sort of inspiration design. \nAnd so there are a variety of different places  \n\nyou can go to for these inspiration des",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}