{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 30)",
  "content": "thing to talk about is that orders page  \n\nor just going to be like a like a history page \nwhere you could see all the orders that you've uh  \n\nscraped and sent before. And then maybe I'll also \ndo plus specific order pages for each that have  \n\nlike I don't know a bunch of descriptions on them. \nOkay. So, you know, I think uh probably a real UX  \n\ndesigner would crucify me uh in terms of the ways \nthat I've laid all this stuff out, but you know,  \n\nseems to work pretty reasonable for me. Um, what \nI do next is I basically just take a screenshot  \n\nof this and then I always have this on hand \ncuz you know I want to like know what my app's  \n\ngoing to look like. Then I go into anti-gravity \nand then what I do is I um say something like,  \n\n\"Hey, I'm making an app that helps people scrape \nleads. Turn this into a brief description of an  \n\napp that includes all the important components \nand I actually just screenshot and I send it to  \n\nthem.\" This is back when I had it like vertical. \nI've since made it horizontal. Then scrolling down  \n\na little bit, you can see we've now changed \nit into the description. Okay. And then over  \n\nhere we have the updated description with just a \nbunch of, you know, plain text language here. So,  \n\nwe're probably going to need more. I mean, like, \nit's not that big of a deal. Then I made a couple  \n\nof changes and I said, \"Hey, here's some scrapers \nthat I want you to wrap around.\" Okay. And now my  \n\nclaw code instance has generated this prompt. \nSo, that's good for now. What I want to do next  \n\nis open a new folder cuz I've copied this and I \nwant to call this lead scraping SAS. I'm going  \n\nto create and I'm going to open. Now, in our \nanti-gravity instance, we have a plain folder  \n\nhere, lead scraping SAS. And so what I want to do \nnext is two things. First, I'm going to need to  \n\nfeed in that prompt. And second, I want to feed \nin um a description, sorry, an example that we  \n\ncould use to basically inspire Gemini. Now, I went \non dribble and I found something that looks like  \n\nthis. This looks pretty reasonable to me. Um keep \nin mind like the design and stuff like that is  \n\npretty sleek, but obviously they have a lot more \ncomponents here. Data transfer. I mean, I don't  \n\nreally know why I would ever need a data transfer \ncomponent, but you know, there's like a bunch of  \n\nbuttons here and stuff. And I think we could make \nthis work. Um, you know, our graph may not look as  \n\nnice, although I think we could actually make it \nlook as nice if we really wanted to. But for now,  \n\nI'm just going to copy this image. I'm going to \ngo back over here. I'm gonna start by pasting that  \n\nin. Okay. So, we're going to start just by pasting \nin um this image. It looks like we're copying  \n\nthis, but it's not actually making it all the \nway to our dashboard. It's kind of annoying. So,  \n\nI think I'm going to have to take a screenshot \nof the actual app itself. I think sometimes  \n\nDribble does like anti-creenshot protection or \nsomething. Keep in mind that we're not stealing  \n\nthis or anything. We're just going to use this as \nlike inspiration. That's all. go back here, paste  \n\nthat in. Then I'm going to say um I'm going to \nhead over to Google, say cold email lead scraping,  \n\nand I'm just going to find some links here. \nBasically, I just want like a brief description  \n\nof what cold email lead scraping is. So, let me \nsee if maybe instantly has some information on  \n\ntheir site. Um, this is like a full endto-end cold \nemail sending platform. Uh, probably not what I  \n\nwant. I just want like some lead scraping. \nThis looks pretty good. I like this. So,  \n\nI'm just going to copy this. I'm going to head \nback here. I'm going to paste this in. I'll say  \n\nthis is an example of the sort of thing that we're \nabout to build. I'm going to paste this in just so  \n\nit has context and so it can write my landing page \nfor me. And then next up, obviously, we need that  \n\num prompt that we just copied over. I'd like \nto build an application. I want it designed  \n\naccording to the screenshot that I sent over. The \nspecifications and the stack is um in the middle.  \n\nAnd then I've also given you a description of \nanother website that does something similar that  \n\nI'd like you to emulate for the copywriting \nand content and so on and so forth. Okay,  \n\nwe're going to stick that in. And uh this is most \nlikely going to end up using like a next.js stack,  \n\nalthough I did not this time necessarily want \nto be opinionated cuz I wanted to see what the  \n\napp was going to do. Uh when it ends up creating \nfiles, it'll do so over here. Keep in mind that  \n\nwe are in planning mode as per usual. So that's \nwhat's going on down here. And it looks like we're  \n\nusing Oh, actually we're using Vit, which is good \nbecause that'll give us a the ability to maybe  \n\nuse a different framework here. To be honest, I \ndon't really care about the specific framework,  \n\nright? We talked about how there were multiple \nuh in the previous section. So, whatever works  \n\nis going to work. Um, you know, as long as it's \nfast and performant. Okay. So, at this point, I'm  \n\njust going to sit back and let it do its thing. \nAwesome. So, I just got a notification saying that  \n\nit's done for Leadzo, which is the name that uh I \ndecided I would give our cute little app. And now,  \n\nwhat I'm going to do is I'm going to say run \nit. The reason why I'm going to do that is  \n\nbecause in order to access this application, \nwe're obviously going to need like some server  \n\nrunning at the back end. Our browser is going to \nend up being the client and then that's how we're  \n\ngoing to communicate with that. So, our server \nis going to be on our computer for now since it's  \n\nall local. Let's see how it goes. So, we got the \nVit server set up. This is the landing page. Uh,  \n\nsuper clean. I like it. Okay, so we have like \nsome weird spacing here. That's fine. This is  \n\nreally nice. I like this AI personalization \nprompt. Very clean. Very clean. Nice. 100  \n\nfree credits. Okay. So, what happens if I click \nget started? I go over here, which is nice. Um,  \n\nI'm just going to ask it. Oh, it looks like it's \nactually recording a browser session of me testing  \n\nthis. This is wild. It's Nick Nikki Wiki. Then, \nNikki Nikki Nikki. Let's sign up. Okay, we're now  \n\ninside. We have some workspace settings on the \nlefth hand side here. API integrations. On the  \n\nright, we have some prompt engineering. So, define \nthe rules leader should follow and generating the  \n\npersonalization column for each lead. Cool. Does \nthis actually fill in? Okay, we just have some  \n\nplaceholders for now. What happens if um Cool. So, \nit went it actually went it found the uh specific  \n\nAPI keys and stuff. That's fine. Scrape leads. So, \nwe need a job name, LinkedIn Sales Navigator URL,  \n\nmax leads, then default icebreaker. I think what \nwe want is basically are going to want to be able  \n\nto just say uh I don't know like HVAC companies in \nthe United States and then we want it to actually  \n\ngo and find that for us. We're not going to need a \nLinkedIn sales navigator URL because the appy the  \n\nspecific service that we're using doesn't actually \num use that. So, it's going to be okay. Then here  \n\nwe have some fake order history which looks \nreally clean. We can, you know, open it up in  \n\na new window or whatever. Awesome. Awesome. Cool. \nSo, let me just check the bottom. You guys can't  \n\nsee this, but there's a little button that says \nlog out. So, click this log out button. Nothing's  \n\ngoing to happen since obviously we don't have \nthe off set up. Yeah. I mean, like in a nutshell,  \n\nthis is more or less what I what I wanted. Um, \nanything else that we need? So, new scrape job  \n\norders configuration. I think that's basically it. \nNow, now what we have to do is we basically have  \n\nto test this. Uh, cool. So, what I'm going to do \nnext is I'm just going to run through a couple of  \n\nthese service",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}