{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 47)",
  "content": "ixel  \n\nthat this constructed. It's wild. Um anyway, I \nmean like that dead inside completely. But yeah,  \n\nuh we're now going to run a with check migration \non the database. So that's going to be cool. And  \n\nthen we'll also add some web hook secrets. So I'm \ngoing to head over there and then just verify that  \n\num I got all this. Okay. Well, that one took a \nlittle bit longer than I wanted it to because  \n\nwe did have a bunch of back and forth with \nthe payments on Stripe, but suffice to say,  \n\nstill good to go. Uh this is a good example now of \neverything. It's not only, you know, kind of CRUD  \n\ncreate, read, update, delete, like a traditional \napp. Doesn't just do stuff that you ask it to. We  \n\nalso, um, are wrapping around a pretty popular \nand powerful API, the Nano Banana API. And then  \n\nwe're applying some prompts and then some sort of \ncreative applications here to generate really cool  \n\noutputs. Uh, and then we're wrapping it all in a \nreally nice UX and connecting it to payments. So,  \n\nat this point, like you guys basically have \neverything that you need in order to just build  \n\nwhatever full stack app you want. Uh, I think \nwhat I'm going to do next is just do one final app  \n\ncombining everything that we talked about. Maybe \nmake the UX a little bit more complicated. So,  \n\ninstead of just having three or four, you know, \ntwo or three things on the left hand side, we have  \n\nlike what might uh be considered more of like, you \nknow, like a really successful enterprise app. And  \n\nthen I'm just going to run through the motions \nthat I've already showed you guys multiple times  \n\nat this point before talking a little bit about \nthe economics of vibe coding and then wrapping up.  \n\nMan, I am so excited for this app because as \nsomebody that produces a tremendous amount of  \n\ncontent nowadays, having an app that can basically \nallow you to focus on one uh place, let's say  \n\nYouTube or maybe your blog or something and then \nhave that same content, the same concepts and  \n\nideas immediately distributed to a bunch of other \nplatforms is fantastic. My issue with the way that  \n\nmost people do this is they just do it in a really \npoor way. And so, you know, the end uh output  \n\nquality of, let's say, a blog post converted to \nlike Xthread snippets or whatever ends up being  \n\nso bad that, you know, the AI slop um overruns it \nand then the quality is really poor. So, my idea  \n\ntoday is I want to make an app that's so dang good \nthat, you know, you don't get that. And it's still  \n\nwritten in your tone of voice. It's written really \nsuccinctly. It's written really intelligently.  \n\nAnd I was trying to come up with like a good \nname for this app just before, you know, like  \n\nclearly if you guys have paid attention so far, \nthe names so far have been afterthoughts, right?  \n\nBut um this time I think I already got one. It's \ngoing to be called splinter. And the idea is okay,  \n\nyou're going to put in one piece of content which \nwhy don't we just call this like pillar content.  \n\nThis is going to be like the pillar upon which \neverything else rests. And maybe it'll just be I  \n\ndon't know like a blog post or something or maybe \nlike a video URL, right? And then what I want is  \n\nI want this to be able to create content for a \nplatform like X. I wanted to be able to create  \n\ncontent for a platform like LinkedIn. I wanted to \ncreate content for Instagram. I wanted to create,  \n\nI don't know, scripts, maybe like long form \nscripts. And then I also want short form scripts,  \n\nright? So we could do stuff. And then like \neventually, and I'm not going to get to this now,  \n\nI don't think, cuz it's kind of a big ask, but um \nwe should also be able to create like video like  \n\nfull stack end video. Um that would be my that \nwould be my end goal. So, this is basically what  \n\nI want the app to do. I want you to be able to \nprovide one piece of content and then immediately  \n\njust like, you know, creates high-quality content \nthat's specific to each platform. And obviously,  \n\nwe're going to need to do this through some \nsort of dashboard. In addition, okay, I don't  \n\njust want this to be basic where we had like our \nlittle dashboard on the left hand side with like,  \n\nyou know, three things and then we have some other \nlike central section um over here. I want this to  \n\nbe more interactive and I want this to have some \nsort of like really detailed onboarding as well.  \n\nUm, this is naturally going to involve like a \nfair amount if you think about it. Not only are we  \n\ngoing to have to do everything we did in the last \napp, which was to uh summarize a landing page,  \n\nStripe payment integrations, um, OD DB, some sort \nof API wrapping, and then like a good way to,  \n\nyou know, present that to the user. We're going \nto have to go further because it's now not just  \n\none like API that we're wrapping around, but \nit's realistically going to be multiple. And  \n\nthen we're also going to use our own custom logic \nsort of um on-site logic to well not on-site sorry  \n\nbut like our own proprietary stuff to do things \nlike manage the tone of voice the prompts and so  \n\non and so forth. And perhaps one of the coolest \nparts of this is I think the last app used AI as  \n\njust like an like an afterthought to help generate \nyou know a list of filters in this AI is going to  \n\nbe like the main deal and uh hopefully we all \nknow like AI is the big thing right now. So,  \n\nit allows us to sell both uh AI and our value \nprops, but also AI through the apps. And my my  \n\ngoal when building apps is I just want to \nbuild stuff that like I actually would use  \n\nuh if I wouldn't actually use it as somebody in \na space. Odds are I probably don't understand the  \n\nproblem enough to even be building this app in \nthe first place. But yeah, you know, if I could  \n\nsave myself a bunch of time with this, that's \ngoing to be a solid win. And then if I could  \n\nsave other people time of that and stuff like \nthis as well, then that'd be even better. Okay,  \n\nso the very first thing I'm going to do is I keep \nturning back to this 16 or 17-year-old kid. No,  \n\nhe's 16 years old. His name's Leon. And what he's \nbeen doing recently is he's been building like  \n\nreally cracked high-quality landing page designs \nfor Gemini. And so he comes up with these very  \n\nvery in-depth prompts. And then he ends up with \nlike a literal interactive app that you can like  \n\nmove your your fingers around. Unfortunately, you \ndidn't take a video of this, but this is like,  \n\nyou know, an app that there's like little strings \nthat are basically here being um processed every  \n\nsecond through I don't know if it's like web web \nGUI or something like that, but it's some sort of  \n\n3D library. And um he shares his prompts online. \nHe's really cool. I used him in my last video.  \n\nI wish I had half that uh brain at 16 years old. \nAnd so what I'm doing just to start us off is I'm  \n\ngoing to copy this prompt that he's put together. \nOkay? And then I'm just going to ask Gemini to  \n\nmake me a landing page. And I just want it to \nmake me a landing page first before I do the rest  \n\nof the app because I just don't trust that it'll \nbe able to do both the very in-depth programming  \n\nrequired to build some sort of cool 3D generative \nthing and then also do the app. So basically what  \n\nI'm going to do is I'm going to have it like \ngenerate the the landing page and then we'll  \n\nbuild the rest of the app out afterwards. Um, so \nyou know, kind of non-traditional, but basically  \n\nwhat I've done here is I've just pasted all this \nstuff in. Okay, I'm going to press enter. And I'm  \n\nnot going to read this whole prompt to you, but \nthis is basically, you know, act as an elite,  \n\naward-winning creative developer and digital \ngenerative artist. Your task to write a single  \n\nself-contained executable file that renders an \nultradetailed pixel perfect and breathtaking hero  \n\nsection for a next generation tech company. \nCrit",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}