{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 13)",
  "content": "ps and  \n\nstuff like that. Obviously, we need to pull the \ndata from somewhere, right? So, it doesn't make  \n\nsense to keep all the data like on the site cuz \nit's always changing. What we do is we're going  \n\nto pull from a database and then like use that to \nactually go and and change features. Obviously,  \n\nwe're going to need a login screen, right, \nwith like a little user uh portal and then  \n\nlike a little password portal. Um, let's round \nthat off so it quits looking phallic. And uh,  \n\nSuperbase is going to help us with that as well. \nAnd then finally, you need what's like called a  \n\nbackend, which is basically just like a server. \nAnd this server is actually going to manage the  \n\ninteractions between our database, our front end, \nour off, and and you know, a lot of stuff. So, you  \n\nknow, that's a little bit more cloud-based. You're \nnot really going to fully I can't really just draw  \n\nsomething that makes sense there. But suffice \nto say, all these four components are going  \n\nto interact together really nicely. And then the \nstack that basically all the tools use is Nex.js,  \n\nJS superbase and then some sort of what's called \nserverless um back end. Okay, so we could go  \n\ninto that or we could just build it and I'd much \nrather just build it and then you guys could learn  \n\nthrough the doing. So let's start with the very \nfirst step which is finding an inspiration design  \n\nand I'm going to immediately jump on dribble for \nthat. So dribble for those of you guys that don't  \n\nknow but just go on the website. It's basically \njust a big list of like different designs that  \n\npeople have made and it's cool. It was it was \ninitially meant to be like a way for designers to  \n\ncreate a portfolio and show off the work and stuff \nlike that, which is pretty neat. Now, you know, to  \n\nbe honest, I think a lot of people are just using \nthis to source AI designs. I don't know how much  \n\nlonger we're all going to have access to dribble, \nbut uh we'll see. And, you know, in our case,  \n\nwhat we're looking for is we're looking for some \nsort of like client dashboard, right? So, I'm just  \n\ngoing to type client dashboard in here. Basically, \nwhat you'll see is a bunch of people have created  \n\nthese really sexy client dashboards. So, I'm \njust going to click on a couple of these. Um,  \n\nyeah. So, I I already opened that one. So, let's \nclick on this. Let's click on that. This one's  \n\nactually pretty nice. And then, hm, why don't I \nopen up? No, I don't really like that one. That  \n\none looks kind of dumb. This one here looks cool. \nOkay. And as you can see, you know, I now have  \n\num like a list of, in this case, all clients on \nthe lefth hand side. You know, this sort of like  \n\nnice gray pattern, and that's that's kind of cool. \nI don't really like this one a ton, though. So,  \n\nI'm just going to keep looking until I find one \nthat I really really like. Um, what you'll find is  \n\na lot of these are now videos as well. And there \nare a couple reasons why they're doing videos. One  \n\nof them is that they don't really like when people \nscreenshot them like I'm about to. That design's  \n\ncool. Okay, this is reasonable. Um, this one's \npretty interesting. But the one that I initially  \n\npicked that I just liked the look of was this \nhere, which is super simple and it's very like  \n\nextensible and you guys can add on whatever the \nheck you want, right? So, I think I'm going to  \n\nuse this. And uh, basically what we're going to \ndo is I'm going to create a screenshot of this  \n\nand then I'm going to use the model to try and \nreplicate this as closely as humanly possible.  \n\nAnd I have a prompt set up that I'm going to I'm \ngoing to send it to and stuff like that. And then  \n\nfrom this we're going to get like a really high \nquality design. And then I think I'm also going  \n\nto do the same thing for the landing page. Um you \nknow this design is different from this design but  \n\nuh you know I'm just going to find a way to like \nmeld the two together. And then I think at the  \n\nend we're going to have something that like has \nthe color scheme of this but it actually has like  \n\nthe design of this if that makes sense which is \nultimately what I'm going for. I like that design.  \n\nI like this um I guess this is sans ser but I \nreally like this font. So yeah let's uh let's  \n\ngive it a go. So what I'm going to do first \nis I'm gonna head over to anti-gravity. Okay.  \n\nAnd then I'm going to open up a new folder. And \nI'm just going to call this full actually let's  \n\ngo lowercase full stack client dashboard. That's \ngoing to be my very uh first full stack app with  \n\nyou guys. And then what I'm going to do first is \nI'm going to talk a little bit about the different  \n\ntypes of models that we have available to us. \nRemember how before we designed our landing page  \n\nentirely using Gemini? Gemini 3.0 Pro is awesome, \nbut personally I find that actual like system  \n\nplans and system designs are better done through \nOpus 4.6 right now. So, what I'm actually going to  \n\ndo is I'm actually going to do the planning in \nOpus 4.6. I'll show you how to do that. First,  \n\nlet me zoom in because this is pretty far out. And \nthen I'm just going to go to um plan mode here. If  \n\nyou just keep on cycling through, eventually \nit'll get to it. It's the one with the little  \n\npause sign. And then I uh created a prompt here \nthat I just want to go through with you guys. So,  \n\nthe prompt says, \"You're a world-class website \ndesigner with 15 years of experience designing  \n\nhigh quality, award-winning websites for Apple \nand Dribble. We'd like to build a full stack  \n\nSAS client dashboard app for our content writing \nbusiness. It's very important that you get this  \n\nright. our career depends on it. This is a little \nhack that I picked up from um I think it was like  \n\na former OpenAI dev or something, but they found \nthat when uh you make it really really important,  \n\nlike our career depends on it, the output quality \nactually goes up just by a few percentage points,  \n\nnothing major. And my prompt is not winning any \nawards here. So, uh anyway, I'll take every win  \n\nthat I can get. As a client, we want the ability \nto view all pending content orders and progress  \n\nin a beautiful dashboard. We also want the \nability to create new content orders using a  \n\nhighquality but simple form. Let me just run this. \nWe want the ability to configure various settings,  \n\nmodes, etc. And we also want anything else. \nYour usual SAS app like this would include  \n\nthe dashboard. SAS app should use superb. I said \nsuperbase here. What I meant to say was superbase,  \n\nbut I was using a voice dictation. So, what are \nyou going to do? Next.js and then tailwind.css.  \n\nAnd we will deploy using netlifi. I'll define the \nUX via screenshots. So, don't worry about design  \n\nparticulars. The flow will be first we'll build \nthe main functionality, which are the parts I  \n\ntalked about above using a screenshot inspiration. \nYou'll take the design style from the screenshot  \n\nand then use it to build all of the signed in \npages. Then we'll make it interactive with local  \n\ndata and ensure routes work. Then we'll add O and \nDB with superbase. Then we'll make a landing page  \n\nand finally do an endto-end sweep to ensure \neverything works including off, middleware,  \n\nsecurity, testing, etc. Then deploy and retest. \nThen I'm saying think extremely hard and generate  \n\na great plan. Once you've developed one that is \ncomprehensive, report back here and I'll supply  \n\nsome screenshots. That's how we can start the \ndesign process. Okay, so I gave it a fair amount  \n\nof context and you can see it's already done some \nthinking, right? put the text stack and looks like  \n\nit corrected my little issue there with superbase \nphased approach right they want me to plan this  \n\nout comprehensively there's nothing in the current \num working directory so it looked it couldn't find  \n\nanything green field project and now ",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}