{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 26)",
  "content": "tever website you want, apply whatever  \n\nstyling you want, and then obviously apply \nwhatever interactivity you want, and that's great.  \n\nBut the internet thrives off standardization, \nwhich is where things are done in a repeatable  \n\nand sort of consistent way. Because of this, \nthe more standardized the internet tends to be,  \n\nthe better solutions that people can build on top \nof pre-existing solutions. And that's really the  \n\nwhole idea of programming languages in the first \nplace. So in addition to this idea of you know  \n\nlanguages as um standardization you also now have \nthis concept of frameworks as standardization. And  \n\nso frameworks are a level of abstraction that \nare built on top of languages. And what we do  \n\nis we actually just take these three sort of Lego \nblocks and we just construct them in a specific  \n\nway essentially. Okay. And right now there are a \nbunch of different frameworks out there. The most  \n\npopular ones I would say are next.js which is the \nframework that we just used to define and build  \n\nour current app. And you can see that that include \na lot of that included a lot of opinionated  \n\num framework based stuff for like the folder \nstructure and components and hooks. These are all  \n\nthings that are basically a handme-down directly \nfrom our framework. You also have um vit right  \n\nnow is super popular and you'll see a lot of apps \ncreated with vit and then on the other side you  \n\nalso have view or really like nux.js and there are \nvarying levels of abstraction here like nux.js is  \n\nactually an it's like a second framework built on \ntop of another framework called uh react which is  \n\nkind of funny. Um nux.js is built on top of view. \nUh you know there are a lot of like dependencies  \n\nand stuff and if you guys remember earlier I said \nwe stand on the shoulders of giants. really do uh  \n\nbecause everything nowadays is built off of \nsomething somebody else built which was built  \n\noff something somebody else built all the way \ndown to where we were programming computers  \n\nwith little ones and zeros on pieces of tape. And \nso in addition to you know our chosen tool and  \n\nthis is the tool I'm going to be using for the \nmost part throughout this course. NextJS being  \n\nessentially the way that we coral these three \nprogramming languages together. Nex.js JS is also  \n\nan opinionated framework that um you know helps \nus organize things like hosting, helps us organize  \n\nthings like how to do you know database calls and \nwhatnot in a standardized way. You guys remember  \n\nearlier we talked about middleware authentication \nmiddleware uh has a standardized interface for  \n\nauthentication middleware is a standardized way \nto put together routes which are just the names  \n\nof like um website endings. So excalagger.com/ I \ndon't know settings that's a settings route for  \n\ninstance and so on and so forth and what's really \ncool is because a lot of people have used these  \n\nframeworks before you know like NexJS isn't Neo \nwas developed at least half a decade ago if not  \n\nmore I built tons of projects with it before we \nhad the luxury of agents to do that for us because  \n\nof all this we had a lot of pre-existing projects \nout there on the internet that were built with  \n\nthis and these were all used in the training sets \nof these large language models like you know opus  \n\ngemini and so on and so forth which means make \na long story short If you use a framework, you  \n\nusually get significantly higher quality results. \nNow, frameworks obviously have some baggage as  \n\nwell. The more opinionated things you put into uh \nyou know a design system or whatnot, obviously the  \n\nmore lag that you can have, the bigger the files \ncan be and and so on and so forth. But for the  \n\nmost part, these are a good balance of like \nspeed, stability, reliability, and then also  \n\nsecurity. You know, because these frameworks have \nexisted for a while, people have put together some  \n\npretty simple and easy ways to economize um our \nsecurity and our ability to build apps. Okay. So,  \n\nam I saying that you have to like go and \nlearn every single thing in HTML? No. CSS? No.  \n\nJavaScript? No. Um, do you have to read through \nall the NexJS docs? No. Although they are they  \n\nare pretty cool if you wanted to. None of these \nthings will necessarily make you like a better  \n\nvibe coder. But I think it's important to at least \nbe able to like look at the Lego blocks and see  \n\nhow they fit together because if you don't, then \nyou're a lot more liable to produce what I think  \n\na lot of people nowadays are terming as sloop \nout there on the internet, which are like simple  \n\nvibecoded apps that aren't really well thought out \nand then interact with the rest of the internet in  \n\npretty stupid ways. The last thing I want to talk \nabout is version control. And to make a long story  \n\nshort, version control just answers the question, \nhow do I store successive updates of files on a  \n\nserver as efficiently as humanly possible? Let me \ngive you a brief little example. I'm sure you know  \n\nback in high school or college or whatever, those \nof us that have gone there in the last few years,  \n\nyou've run into situations where, you know, \nyou're tasked with writing an essay. And so,  \n\nyou know, you write your essay probably really \nlate in the middle of the night with a bunch  \n\nof Cheetos beside you. At least that's how I \nused to do it. And then, um, you save it as,  \n\nI don't know, essay docx, let's say. You know, \nit's like a it's like a Google doc or something  \n\nlike that file. And you do it locally in your \ncomputer, maybe Microsoft Word, okay? And then,  \n\num, the next day, you know, you wake up and then \nyou give it to your friend, and your friend gives  \n\nyou some feedback or something like that. Okay? \nSo what they do is they they download the file  \n\nand then they give it back to you and then it's \ncalled essay with feedback.docex. So what you do  \n\nis you take that file but not wanting to lose the \nprevious two files what you do is when you make  \n\nyour updates to it okay you don't save it as essay \nwith feedback you call it essay 2.d dox and then  \n\nthe cycle just repeats itself three or four times \nthen you have essay 3.d dox you have essay 4.x doc  \n\nx and so on and so on and so forth until you have \nessay final superfal important docx. Okay. And  \n\nbefore you know it, you know, your whole downloads \nfolder is a mess. I'm sure we've all probably had  \n\nsituations like this before. Um I know, god \nforbid, I I used to have situations like this  \n\nall the time. Now, that's for writing things like \nessays. I want you to imagine instead of essays,  \n\nwhat you're doing is you're working on an app like \nwe're doing. You'll have app one dot whatever,  \n\napp two dot whatever, app three super important \nfinal whatever. Obviously, these things can get  \n\nout of control really quickly. What compounds \nthe issue is this idea of needing to share files  \n\nbecause this super janky ass method, this could \nwork if it's just you and you understand how you  \n\nname your files and stuff. You could build like a \nnaming convention, right? But what if you want to  \n\nshare this with like 20 other people and 20 people \nall simultaneously need to be able to work on the  \n\nfile that is the most updated without causing \nconflicts and stuff like that and so on and so  \n\nforth. That's really the whole idea behind what \ninitiated version control. And so what we do is  \n\nwe basically have again standing on the shoulders \nof giants um built systems out there that store  \n\nnot only the file itself but store the changes \nbetween files and then just let you access them  \n\nby you know calling a little URL or something and \nthen pulling the file as well as a list of all the  \n\nchanges um that have historically occurred. So \nthat at any point in time, you know, you could  \n\ndownload, let's say, this original file, but \nthen you could jump over here if you wanted to,  \n\njump ove",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}