{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 59)",
  "content": ", right? Assuming \nyou're doing a monthly thing. What you do is you  \n\ntake the top and then you set that one at uh you \nknow, let's say 200 bucks a month. And what you  \n\ndo is you set your middle at approximately half of \nthat and you set that at about 100 bucks a month.  \n\nbut you uh reduce the ROI to compensate. So in \nthis case, you know, previously I'm offering a  \n\n10x ROI on my top. Well, now I'm offering an 8x \nROI on my mid and then a 6x ROI on my entry. And  \n\nso in this way, you have like a reasonable product \ndifferentiation. You have a reasonable spread of  \n\nvalues. And this is enough to get you started \nbefore, you know, you can get enough customers,  \n\nyou can actually run like strong analytics to \ndetermine whether or not people would actually  \n\nprefer a $37 a month product or a $58 a month \nproduct or whatever. And that's honestly all there  \n\nis to it. To make a long story short, what I do \nanytime I'm pricing an app, uh, Pel, an automation  \n\nservice, a back-end tool, even like a big business \ndeal, back when I was um, operating a content  \n\nwriting agency and we were trying to work out how \nmuch to price our product, uh, we do it all based  \n\noff of value pricing, which is determining how \nmuch value our product has to the user to begin  \n\nwith, an expense, an opportunity cost, and then \njust charging a small percentage of that. And  \n\nthat usually ends up being somewhere between 10 to \n20% of the total ROI. And as a business owner, I'm  \n\nthinking like, hey, I could put my money in the \nS&P 500, I could make 8% a year, or I could give  \n\nmy money to NYX Co. and then I'd make a,000% on my \ninitial investment. What am I going to do with my  \n\nmoney when presented that choice? Obviously, I'm \ngoing to give it to Nyx Co. right now. Uh, whether  \n\nor not somebody chooses to invest in you isn't \njust a product of this math. It's also how much  \n\nthey believe the math, and that's another part of \nmarketing. But I'll leave that for another day.  \n\nHopefully, at least now you guys understand how to \nprice set products. But that takes us to the next  \n\nbig thing, okay? which is well there's pricing the \nproduct but how do I actually get my product out  \n\nthere okay how do I actually market this amazing \nthing that I have developed well there are three  \n\nmajor ways the first is outbound a lot of people \nshy away from outbound but outbound was the very  \n\nfirst thing that I did when I started my first \nbusiness my first real business about 10 years ago  \n\nI went door to door literally knocking on business \ndoors coming in trying to shake their hands and  \n\nthen sell them on my little marketing package it's \nvery difficult but this is ultimately what works  \n\nSo in this case, you go directly to people who \nneed your product. You can consider this like a  \n\nsniper rifle approach. The two most popular \nmethods right now are cold email, which is  \n\nwhere you actually craft an email, usually using a \ntemplate that appears to be personalized onetoone  \n\ncommunication between you and the person that's \nreading. And then you say, \"Hey Pete, I love what  \n\nyou're doing over at XYZ Business. I think right \nnow you guys are currently spending all this money  \n\non the software, and I can save that for you with \nXYZ product. I would be happy to give this to you  \n\nfor like a major discount because you're going to \nbe one of my first five uh you know signups. I've  \n\nalso attached a video here that runs through how \nto do X Y and Z. Um let me know if you have any  \n\nquestions. If I can help you out at all would be \nhappy to. Okay. And so in this way you're reaching  \n\nout directly to them. This is you. This is them \nand this is you bridging that gap. That's why it's  \n\ncalled outbound. The other main way to do this \nis through cold DMs. And typically you do this  \n\non B2B platforms like LinkedIn. Cold DMs stands \nfor direct messages. It's just the same thing  \n\nas cold email. It's just instead of using like an \nemail inbox, which tends to be the the highway to  \n\nthe soul, um we're instead using like a LinkedIn \nmessage box or like an Instagram message box,  \n\nbut it's the exact same idea. Some caveats here. \nThis works really well for B2B products, but it is  \n\npretty difficult for consumer products, aka B2C \nproducts, since most of the lead sources where  \n\nyou're going to scrape this information do tend to \nbe B2B. Like for instance, if you think about it,  \n\nLinkedIn is entirely a commercial platform. If \nyou sign up to LinkedIn, odds are you're signing  \n\nup for employment or business purposes. So, you \ncan feel pretty safe that most of the people that  \n\nyou're scraping on LinkedIn, you're doing so \nbecause it is a B2B sort of transaction. Hey,  \n\nI can help you at XC Corp. Hey, I saw you're \nemployed at whatever position. I think I can  \n\nassist you with that and so on and so forth. If \nthey're not on LinkedIn, crap gets a lot harder,  \n\nright? So, for the most part, anytime I sell B2B, \nI start with Outbound. The other big benefit to  \n\noutbound is it's just really fast. It is way \nfaster than any of the other methods on the  \n\nlist. It's also way harder, right? you sort of \nhave to put your freaking ego on the line. And  \n\num I can't tell you how many times I got thrown \nout of businesses when I was knocking on doors.  \n\nSecurity racing after me being like, \"Get \nthe hell out of this plaza.\" Uh but you know,  \n\nit it worked and it was what enabled me to make \nmy first uh probably $15 $200,000. That said,  \n\nthis is not the only thing that you can do. It is \nnot the only way. There are a variety of others.  \n\nThe second is inbound, which I think a lot more \npeople here are probably familiar with. Inbound,  \n\nif you kind of think about it logically, is \nkind of like what I'm doing right now. What  \n\nI'm doing is I'm creating very valuable content. \nI'm building a very strong and large audience of  \n\npeople that enjoy consuming my content. And then \nwhat I'll do is I'll direct a small percentage of  \n\nyou guys to some paid products so that you guys \nsign up to my service or whatever. The issue with  \n\ninbound, despite the fact that, you know, if I'm \nhere and then they're here, despite the fact that  \n\nthey're now coming to you, is it's a lot slower. \nIt takes a lot longer to build. Okay. And what a  \n\nlot of people don't realize is they'll watch some \nvibecoded course or whatever and then be like,  \n\nI'm going to make my own app business. It's going \nto be awesome. And then they start making content  \n\non it. What they don't realize is like when you \nmake content um on the on the wider internet like  \n\non YouTube or LinkedIn or Instagram or whatever, \nwhat you're basically doing is you're like in a  \n\nsea of a billion people and then you're \ngiven a megaphone. And then you're like,  \n\n\"Okay, I have a megaphone. This is awesome.\" And \nthen what you don't realize is every other person  \n\nalso has a megaphone. And then the big people that \nare pretty established have megaphones that are  \n\nway bigger than you. And then the small people \nlike yourself have these tiny little things that  \n\nbarely produce any noise uh whatsoever. And so \ngrowth on inbound is extraordinarily difficult  \n\nas a beginner unless you have some pre-established \nsuccess or pre-established wins. And most people  \n\nthat are starting these sorts of things that \nimmediately turn to I'm going to post one thread  \n\non Instagram every day for the next year. Uh \nthey they don't understand this. And so what  \n\nends up happening with a lot of inbound is because \nit takes so much longer to build and people are so  \n\nunprepared for this, they end up just screeching \ninto the void, never achieving anything. and then  \n\nquitting before they actually build up the amount \nof momentum required to succeed. If I could graph  \n\nsort of like the differences between inbound \nand outbound. And I love graphing stuff. So,  \n\nin case you've watched any of my other videos, \nget ready for a freaking ",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}