{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 4)",
  "content": "\nslash, I would automatically be able to add them \nhere. What's cool though is you can also mention,  \n\nand when you type mention or or you just press at, \nthen you can actually attach files, directories,  \n\nuh, code context items, rules, even terminals, \npre-existing conversations, and then also MCP  \n\nservers into the context. And the reason why this \nis valuable is because, you know, I could just  \n\ncopy everything in this file and paste it in, or I \ncould just say, \"Hey, I want you to reference this  \n\ngemini.md.\" And then it would do the same thing, \nbut as you can see, I'm not really polluting this  \n\nbig window. It's very clear and clean. After that, \nyou have the mode. Now, there are two conversation  \n\nmodes available to Gemini 3.1 Pro right now. \nThere's planning and fast. This may change at  \n\na certain point in time, but for now, this is more \nthan enough. In general, you always want to start  \n\nin planning anytime you're designing or building a \nnew feature. Planning is good because it basically  \n\nallows the model well almost forces the model \nto do a lot of thinking before it actually like  \n\nyou know stretches its fingers out in the world \nand starts manipulating files and stuff. It then  \n\nactually presents you a workflow and says hey this \nis what I'm planning on doing. Are you sure you  \n\nwant me to do this? And then you can set your own \nbehavior to either auto approve which is just have  \n\nit run on its own um decided plan or you could \nactually stop it and say hey I didn't really like  \n\nwhat you did here. I want to make a minor change. \nNext up you also have fast. fast just allows it  \n\nto execute things directly and go really quickly. \nAnd so this is actually pretty useful if you're  \n\ndoing quick one-off tasks. Hey, I want you to \nchange this file format to this file format. Hey,  \n\nI want you to change this markdown file to a txt \nfile. Hey, I want you to, I don't know, refactor  \n\nXYZ really quickly with this um, you know, brief \nlittle variable in mind or something like that.  \n\nOkay, so in general, I always start with planning \nand then at the end um, you know, when I'm just  \n\ndoing one-off tasks and stuff, if I need to, I'll \nuse fast. Underneath, we have the model picker,  \n\nwhich I've already covered. includes the specific \none you want to pick and choose and actually have  \n\nin communication with. Remember how earlier I \nsaid the agent is just like a wrapper for the  \n\num specific model you're talking to. Well, this \nis how that works, right? This chat window isn't  \n\ncommunicating with all models right now. It's just \ncommunicating with one, but I can hot swap them  \n\nanytime. Instead of Gemini 3.1 Pro high, I could \neasily choose Gemini 3.1 Pro Low. And you'll find  \n\nthat every model has different pros and cons. \nIf you want a quick example of pros and cons,  \n\njust go to Google and type Gemini 3.1 Pro High \nversus Low. And what you'll do is you'll have um  \n\nyou know basically benchmarks showing you how high \nquality the models are at different things. Uh  \n\nuse usually some sort of like graph here that runs \nthrough hey you know highs 44.4% on this benchmark  \n\nlows 39.8% on this other benchmark and so on and \nso forth. I will say in general I tend to just use  \n\nlike the best models currently available and to be \nhonest that's usually the most recent model that  \n\nhas been pushed out by the big three companies \nright now which tend to be Google um OpenAI and  \n\nthen Anthropic. Uh I was all about you know claude \nuh Opus 4.6. six just last week. Um, now you know,  \n\nGemini 3.1 Pro High seems to be very, very good \nat like design specific applications. So, what  \n\nI'm doing is I'm passing off my design stuff to \nGemini 3.1 Pro High. Then I have Opus 4.6. Kind of  \n\nclean stuff up on the back end. Yeah, this is how \nyou select through a bunch of different models.  \n\nAnd as you can see, it's just like Lego blocks. \nThey're hot swappable. Gemini 3 Flash is super  \n\nsuper quick. Sauna 4.6 is a really long context \nwindow. A lot of these have pros and cons. Um,  \n\nnobody really uses this in practice though. Okay. \nAnd then finally, um you can click this button to  \n\nreplace your texting with basically talking. \nSo what I'm doing right now is I'm just having  \n\na normal conversation with it. When I press \nthis button, um you know, and then I I send it,  \n\nGemini has a built-in uh mechanism to just \ntranscribe what I just said and then turn that  \n\ninto text. The reason why this is valuable and why \nyou're seeing a lot of people use voice dictation  \n\ntools nowadays, it's because on average, people \nspeak much faster than they write. If I'm writing  \n\nat 50 to 80 words per minute, I can speak at like \n150 to 200 words per minute. So, it's obviously  \n\na lot faster and a lot quicker. Now that I've \nactually sent a message, you could see how the  \n\nUX has changed a little bit. We now have a thought \nlittle tab. This basically runs you through the  \n\ninternal thoughts of the model. The reason why \nthey make this present and visible to you is  \n\nbecause if it's making any sort of like egregious \nerror, you can just quickly dive in and say,  \n\n\"Okay, so why did it make that error?\" This gives \nyou some transparency, some accountability, and  \n\nthen you can, I don't know, adjust your feature \nprompting style to be better to solve that issue.  \n\nIt's also good because sometimes the models are \nlazy and they don't really respond because they're  \n\ntrying to conserve tokens or whatever the heck. \nThis is a quick and easy way to like make sure  \n\nthat the internal thing is not uh the user asked \nme this question. I don't really want to spend a  \n\nlot of tokens. So I've decided to give them a much \nsimpler answer. This is how you can actually just  \n\nfigure out what's going on under the hood. The \ntext that is not sort of this darker thinking  \n\ntab is uh the response. And so in this case to \nget started on building a cinematic landing page,  \n\nplease please answer the following questions. The \nreason why it's running me through that is because  \n\nI've defined that as basically my highle workflow \nrule uh or sorry just rule in gemini.mmd. I'm  \n\nsaying hey you know I want you to act as a world \nclass senior creative technologist when the user  \n\nasks something immediately asked exactly these \nquestions and then it's asking me these questions.  \n\nSo basically this is taking everything from that \ninitial configuration file and then despite the  \n\nfact that my voice message said nothing of any \nimport uh it just injected that up at the very top  \n\nand now it's trying to you know do my my higher \nlevel rule instructions. Okay so underneath you  \n\nhave good or bad. Uh this is just a way that \nyou can help train the Gemini models on like  \n\nhey I like this response. Hey I don't like this \nresponse. I never really use that in practice.  \n\nAnd now you can see that there's also a bunch of \nadditional tabs that I've opened up here. On the  \n\nlefth hand side there's changes overview. if your \nrequest changed any files um you know on your work  \n\ninside of your folder that's actually going to pop \nup right here and then you can just take a look at  \n\nthem in practice nowadays basically nobody takes \na look at these they're just like oh yeah man you  \n\nfigure it out you got it uh next up is terminal \nso sometimes Gemini or other models will launch  \n\nterminal instances for you can actually see the \nbackground processes running in that tab artifacts  \n\nor files that are part of the conversation so you \nknow I added this gemini.md file for instance I  \n\nmentioned it right and then over here we have \nthe browser and this is kind of neat you can  \n\nactually launch a browser are inside of uh Gemini \nnowadays. Um this browser, you know, I'm not going  \n\nto say it's like the highest quality browser on \nplanet Earth, but it can be pretty cool. If I go  \n\nover here, you could see um we're going to keep \nit. We're now opened on the anti-gravity uh doc",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}