{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 57)",
  "content": "ility that  \n\nyou do that is extremely low. It's extremely low. \nNot just because, you know, nobody's as special as  \n\nwe think we are, but uh because there are soon to \nbe 100 million times as many software engineers in  \n\nthe form of AI agents than there ever would have \nbeen human beings. And so moes are no longer made  \n\nthrough software. Your edge in the market is no \nlonger in the cool algorithm that you come up with  \n\nor whatever the heck. Okay. where the moat is is \nin distribution, which is fundamentally different.  \n\nAnd rather than play by the software mode playbook \nlike everybody in their mom is doing right now,  \n\num I encourage you to play by the distribution \nmode playbook. Hypothetically, why do you  \n\nthink Netflix is still Netflix in a world where \nliterally anybody could just tell their agent,  \n\nhey, here's Netflix.com. can you go and recreate \neverything about it and then I don't know you  \n\nknow host the the servers and set up databases \nand set up all the infrastructure and then like  \n\nhave a little login page everything like that the \nreason why Netflix is not broke you know today is  \n\nbecause Netflix contains within it distribution \nit contains a collection of clients vendors  \n\nrelationships their staff their team their culture \nand so on and so on and so forth and these are  \n\nthings that an AI agent and until they, you know, \nhook it up to the cloning vats and start pumping  \n\nout clients, vendors and and staff members, um, \ncannot currently do or reproduce. And so software,  \n\nwhich used to be like the golden goose, right, \nhas basically been replaced almost completely  \n\nwith distribution. Okay? And in a world where \nanybody could build any software, the only thing  \n\nthat makes your software different from somebody \nelse's software are the customers essentially the  \n\nvendors, the relationships, and the staff on \nyour team um that manage it. Anybody in 2026,  \n\n2027 and beyond with a couple of ideas, a high \ndegree of agency, which just means your ability to  \n\nlike enact your will on the world, go out and do \nthings, and a very small budget, just a few bucks,  \n\nliterally 15, 20 bucks, can now build whatever \nthe heck they want. the whole moat, the whole  \n\nedge is just your ability to actually reach and \nthen retain people within an ecosystem. And if you  \n\ncan do that, right, and if you can focus your time \nand energy accordingly, then you can make a lot  \n\nof money. But if you're stuck in the software \ndays, then you're just spinning your tires,  \n\nman. The whole world's up and moved on and you \ndon't even know it yet. Hypothetically speaking,  \n\nI want to pretend right now that um you know, \nwe we we got a little clock here, and this is a  \n\nterrible drawing of a clock, but you know, bear \nwith me. Just pretend that this whole thing is,  \n\nyou know, a 60-second um um hand. Imagine that the \nentire life cycle of this vibe coded business that  \n\nyou are about to start is this hand. Okay? And it \ntraverses a whole 60-second length. Here is how  \n\nmuch I'd recommend that you actually spend on the \nvibe coding part. Okay? Over the full 60-second  \n\nlife of your business, I would recommend you spend \nmaybe 3 or 4 seconds on the actual building. Let  \n\nme make this a little smaller so we can see it \nbetter. Everything else, okay, literally the  \n\nrest of all of your time, my recommendation would \nbe to spend it not on building, not on tweaking,  \n\nnot on making your server infrastructure better, \nnot on doing whatever the hell. My recommendation  \n\nwould be to spend it on marketing. And this isn't \na joke. If you spend 3 seconds or 12th or 5% on  \n\nbuilding, you should spend the other 1920ths or \n95% on the marketing. I don't know if you guys  \n\nhave been in like the the build and public space \non X. I used to be uh uh you know following that  \n\nfairly frequently because it was just interesting \nto me how people would share their revenues and  \n\ntalk about the apps they were building. And back \nthen they said you should spend at least as much  \n\ntime building as you spend marketing. You should \nspend at least as much time marketing as you do  \n\nbuilding. And I was like okay so 50/50. Um that \nwas like four or five years ago. That no longer  \n\napplies. You need to spend like 19 to 20 times \nas much time marketing than building cuz anybody  \n\ncould do the building. The building is literally \njust like your entry ticket to get onto the ride.  \n\nThe whole ride itself is your poorly spelled \nmarketing. So without marketing and sales,  \n\nto be clear, you have no product. You may think \nyou have a product, but it's not a product. It's  \n\njust a hobby because without customers, you \ndon't have any sort of business. You need  \n\nrevenue and so on and so forth. There are also \nsome additional benefits to having um customers  \n\nthat go far beyond the money that they pay you. \nIf you have customers, what you get is you get  \n\nfaster iteration because you're listening now to \nreal market feedback. You're not listening to like  \n\nyour own opinions and your assumptions, which is \nwhat most builders will do. Most builders are like  \n\nheavily biased. I mean, who the hell builds \nsoftware products anyway? For the most part,  \n\ngiant nerds, okay? Myself included. I don't know \nwhat the average human being that uses my product  \n\nactually wants or thinks. So, everything that I'm \ndoing is just assuming. I'm using my own opinions  \n\nessentially and I'm hoping that my opinions \nare correct because I possess a strong level  \n\nof empathy or whatever the hell. But the reality \nis most of the time I'm wrong. You know, it's like  \n\na ven diagram. You know, maybe like if this is \nmy opinions, maybe only like 50% of my oh my god,  \n\nI really need to I'm writing like a doctor. \nUm only like 50% of my opinions are actual  \n\nreality. And so the only part of like this ven \ndiagram that I'm actually moving the needle for  \n\nand like building features into my app that \nactually make sense, okay, are over here. But  \n\nlike the other 90% is all [ __ ] you know? It's \nall like uh I'm just wrong. So why would you even  \n\nlike worry about your opinions? Instead, focus off \nreality and ground truth. The only way you can get  \n\nreality and ground truth is getting customers. \nThe ideal is sufficient number of customers.  \n\nso many so that you could start averaging \nout their opinions and beliefs and desires  \n\nand needs and so on and so forth and then you \njust start designing for them. So rather than  \n\nletting your own assumptions build the product, \nuse customer requirements, use customer needs and  \n\nactually do like customer surveys. Launch your \nvibecoded app today. You know, hypothetically,  \n\nyou've seen how easy it is to do. You know, \nI can build one of these in just an hour or  \n\ntwo. Okay? And then contact 20 people and have all \nof them use your app for free and then tell you,  \n\nhey, I liked this. I didn't like that. Hey, I \nthought this could have been better. Hey, this  \n\ndidn't really solve my need. Hey, I wish it did \nthis. I wish it did that. Take all that feedback  \n\nand then use it to design the next version of \nyour app because it's not the first version of  \n\nyour app that's going to make you any money. It's \nlike the 20th version of your app that's going to  \n\nmake you money. In addition, because customers and \ndistribution is really the moat, your whole focus  \n\nshould be on maximizing the customer experience at \nevery step. It should not be on making the nicest,  \n\nsexiest, most polished app. And I know this is \nkind of annoying cuz I did just spend the last  \n\npart of, you know, five or six hours hopefully \nteaching you guys how to do this and how to like  \n\nmake a really good product. But in reality, the \nproduct, as we've seen, is really only like 5% of  \n\nthe whole pie now. So, focus instead on acquiring \nas much distribution as quickly as possible. I'm  \n\ngoing to run through some specific ways on how to \ndo that. And then once ",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}