{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 42)",
  "content": "t \nwe're doing, right? So the question is, how do  \n\nwe actually do this in our app, not inside of this \nas studio.google.com thing and it's pretty easy.  \n\nThere's just like a bunch of API routes for image \ngeneration. We just basically need to reproduce  \n\nthe same flow that I just did here over there. And \nthen we need to um connect API keys and tokens and  \n\nstuff like that. So I have an API key over here. \nUh I'm just going to I don't know. I guess I need  \n\nto find a way to copy this API key. So why don't \nI go to get API key here. We'll create a new one.  \n\nAnd I'm just going to call this um thumbly. Going \nto click create. We're now going to have the key  \n\ngenerated right over here. Okay. And I'm just \ndoing this in a new one because I want to be able  \n\nto turn it off. I'll then go back to anti-gravity. \nAnd then, okay, it's just done some changes for  \n\nme. I don't know exactly what. Then I'm going to \nopen up av file and then I'm going to say Gemini.  \n\nI think this is Gemini, right? What is this one \ntechnically called? uh maybe like nano banana API  \n\nkey and I'm going to paste that in. Um there are \na couple of other things that we need if you think  \n\nabout it. So this is not enough. We obviously have \nto go through the whole superbase spiel and then  \n\nget a bunch of images. Sorry, I get a a database \nfrom there. So I'm going to set up a database on  \n\nSuperbase just like I've done before. Head over to \nsuperbase.com or rather I think it's database.new  \n\nis even faster, right? Yeah, there we go. I'm \ngoing to do it inside of proposal generator.app  \n\nmaybe gyro. Okay, never mind. I need to go and \ndelete one of these old ones, so bear with me  \n\none second. This is in the leado database, right? \nSo, I'm just going to delete this project. Leadzo  \n\nDB. Cool. Thank you. Delete. Um, and then \nI'll go to database new. Once that's done,  \n\nnow it's going to say, hey, let's make one. I'm \ngoing to call this one um Thumbly DB. Again,  \n\nI'm going to generate a password. Copy that \npassword over. Enable. Oh, cool. They also now  \n\nhave automatic RLS, which is cool. So, I'm going \nto create a new project there. And what I want is  \n\nI basically want to um paste in my database \npassword. Let's say superbase DB password.  \n\nPaste that in. Um I don't know, superbase \nproject URL. Paste that in. Previously, I  \n\ndid this just directly inside of the um you know, \nagent chat, but this time I'm actually going to  \n\ncopy and paste it over to the CNV. So, Superbase \npublishable API key. I'm going to paste that in.  \n\nI think there are a couple other ones. You know, \nI just want to give it my API key as well. So,  \n\nwe'll go superbase project ID. Paste that in. \nYou can see it's the same thing as in my URL. So,  \n\nbasease project name I'm just coming up with all \nexcuse me, I'm just coming up with all this stuff  \n\num myself. Like I'm coming up with these names \nmyself. Um these aren't really important. The  \n\nmodel can understand the context themselves. \nOkay. So, I I have more or less all of that,  \n\nwhich is cool and pretty clean. Um, and then yeah, \nnow it's just provisioning my database and API  \n\ninput. It's actually creating them for me. So once \nall that stuff's good to go. I'm just going to  \n\npaste that in. Any other additional functionality \nwe need? I don't think so. So I'm going to say is  \n\nI've added a bunch of uh credentials for nano \nbanana and then superbase um into the env file.  \n\nYou now have everything that you need in order \nto actually build out the functionality of the  \n\napp aka the API calls. I'll go call or find the \num specific endpoint to reference. But basically,  \n\nwe're going to be replicating the functionality \nof um Google's AI Studio just inside of my app.  \n\nLet's see. ENV. Cool. And then, you \nknow, there should be the ability\n\nto grab the code. Okay, cool. And there \nis. So, I can grab this code. And then  \n\nwe're just going to go rest here. And \nthen what I want is I basically just  \n\nwant to copy all of this stuff. And \nthen I'm just going to paste this in.\n\nHere is some REST code straight from their \ndashboard. And then I'm just going to paste  \n\nthis in, which should be everything that they \nneed in order to actually like generate the  \n\nthe thing. Keep in mind we're going to \nbe supplying two inputs. The provided  \n\nthumbnail image and our prompt uh I guess \nthree inputs. The provided thumbnail image  \n\num images of the person's face and then a prompt\n\ncheck there. Let me see. Are there any docs \nor something like that I could use to give  \n\nme more data? Okay, check their docs if \nyou need more on how to do this. First,  \n\ntest all of this via curl to make sure it \nworks. And then once it works, you can put it  \n\non the app. And then finally, I'm going to just \nprovide some base um data here. So, you know,  \n\nearlier I had that portfolio builder image. So, \nI'm actually just going to supply these images.  \n\nUm, so this is going to be one image. I think \nwe can just open this in a new tab. Okay. No,  \n\nI guess we can't. So, let me just save the \nimage. This is going to be the supplied. Okay,  \n\nthis one over here. Then I'm going to move into \nanti-gravity. Just upload this to the agent. I've  \n\nprovided you three things. supplied the image to \ninsert a face into um face the image to get the  \n\nface from and then prompt and the prompt is going \nto be here. Let's just save this too. Uh this is  \n\npretty big actually. I don't know if we'll be \nable to feed all this stuff in. Let's say face\n\nAnd uh it should be able to pull all \nof this data up from just the names.\n\nOkay. In case like unless we get blocked, we \nshould be good. Just going to double check this  \n\nbecause we we have supplied like a lot of image \nfiles here. I mean this was like 4 megabytes.  \n\nThis here was like I don't know megabytes. So \nin total it's going to be like five or six megs  \n\nwhich is actually pretty chunky. Maybe they like \nautomatically resize the images or something so  \n\nit's not taking up a massive amount of tokens. But \num you know I always do kind of worry like oh am I  \n\ngoing to run out of usage and stuff. Okay. So I'm \ngonna allow this conversation. It can do more or  \n\nless whatever the heck it wants. And then um just \ndouble checking thumbly. Yeah. I mean like this  \n\nhonestly looks really clean. I'm liking this quite \na bit. Nice. And then we have like this infinitely  \n\nrevolving social proof section here which you know \nyou stick your own social proof in. And then all  \n\nof the um buttons and stuff like that are square \nnow which is cool. And everything is just a little  \n\nbit more squared off. I don't actually like this \nshadow. There's a slight shadow in the background  \n\nhere, which hurts, but not the end of the world. \nWe have the ability to change this. This is nice.  \n\nCool, cool, cool. Awesome. I mean, like, you know, \nI think this is basically like the the MVP of  \n\num a high quality app with the landing page. So, \nwonderful. I'm just going to wait and then um let  \n\nyou guys know when we're done this next step. \nLooks like it's already making API calls, which  \n\nis cool. Just using everything that I provided it \nbelow. Generative language. Google APIs appears  \n\nto be the endpoint. That's pretty nice. And \nso it's gone through and actually verified  \n\nthat this works and it's created um another step \ninside of implementation plan. So now it's going  \n\nthrough and then integrating this directly into \nthe app. So it's not just going to be doing it  \n\nvia its own curl requests, but I'll be able to do \nit via uploads files and stuff like that. Okay. So  \n\njust signing in here. We've now integrated the \num database functionality. Going to go over to  \n\ngenerate and see if we can do this. So you know \nI can obviously add images and we just did. So  \n\nnow we have this cool little blur effect which is \nreally nice. Let me see. Keep the style identical  \n\nto the inspiration image. Make the main subject \nhighly cinemat",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}