{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 8)",
  "content": "py  \n\nthis. Go back here and paste this in. And this \nis way bigger. Look at that. This is huge. Nice.  \n\nThis is significantly better. I'd say that's \nabout the size that I wanted. And then up here,  \n\nI think it's basically just one for one copied the \nfont. So, I'll just make one more change, which  \n\nis to make sure that the style of this aligns with \nthe style of the site. Hey, just want to make sure  \n\nthe style of the pill navbar aligns with the rest \nof the style of the site. Super clean. Nice job on  \n\neverything else. Oh, and I'll supply you an image \nthat you could use. Um, for me, that will help.  \n\nReally like the footer as well. It's pretty clean. \nLet's make the green just a little bit darker,  \n\nactually. Um, that's probably the last thing that \nI want to change. Everything else here looks nice,  \n\nthough. Man, there's a lot of images of me out \nthere. We'll go large. What makes sense? Which  \n\none makes me not look like a seven-year-old? \nprobably this one. Let's just do that. So, I'll  \n\ngo here. I'm going to copy both the image and the \nagent, I think. So, we'll just dump that in. So,  \n\nI'm just going to copy this here, and then I'll \npaste this in. Okay. And then, yeah, I should be  \n\ngood. And this is the finished product. Uh, what I \nlike is when I load it, there's that little bubble  \n\nthat goes out. You know, it expands at scale. Uh, \nnavbar is looking nice and clean. When we mouse  \n\nover it, it's green. We have everything that I \nasked for, including a picture of myself with  \n\nlike slightly darker green. And yeah, I mean, \nlike, you know, is this again going to win any  \n\nawards? Probably not, especially since website \ndesign is so commoditized these days. But now  \n\nthat I've showed you how to build sites, not just \none site, multiple sites, by the way, and probably  \n\na hundth of the time it would have taken you to \ndo uh websites the old school way. And I know  \n\nthat cuz I used to be a website designer. I used \nto get paid for stuff like this. Melts my heart.  \n\nLet me show you how to deploy it and how easy it \nis to actually get a website like this up live on  \n\nthe internet uh with Vibe Coding. So, basically \nwhat you're going to need is you're going to need  \n\na hosting provider. Now, I use Netifi because it's \nsimple. It's uh free for a couple of sites anyway,  \n\nbut you can also use Verscell and there are a \nfew other ones that are like this. Basically,  \n\nwhat happens is they just take these sites that \nwe just put together. Okay, so whatever this,  \n\nyou know, link is here that I'm opening up \nand then it takes the static files on your  \n\ncomputer that you're currently accessing at \nlocalhost 5173 and then it just like puts  \n\nthem on a web accessible URL. So, we're going to \nhave something like gentlebeaver uh.netlifi.com  \n\nand we don't need to spend any money in order to \nget that done. It's completely free for us. Um,  \n\nit'll only cost us money if we require like a \ncustom URL like leftclick.ai for instance. So, I'm  \n\ngoing to go over to netifi.com. Uh, and then I'm \ngoing to, you know, if it's your first time there,  \n\nsign up. I'm just going to click login. And I \nhave a bunch of different projects down over here,  \n\num, that I've hosted on Netlefi before, right? \nSo, make money with make reply robot leftclick  \n\ngo one second copies. You can see I've had quite \na few startups that have failed. Uh, and what I'm  \n\ngoing to do now is I'm just going to click add new \nproject. And then uh you know I'm going to click  \n\ndeploy manually and then I can just drag my drop \ndrag and drop my project folder here. So simply  \n\nput I'm going to go back to my um anti-gravity \nand then what I want is I just want to rightclick  \n\nthis and say reveal and finder. I'm just going to \ndrag this whole file in. Okay, this whole thing.  \n\nAnd what it's going to do is it's going to try \nbuilding and deploying. Now the probability this  \n\nis going to work the very first go by the way is \npretty low actually because we're not giving it  \n\nany additional settings or anything like that. So, \nI mean, I'm going to look for it, but I doubt that  \n\nit's actually going to oneshot it. If it does, \nI'd be quite surprised. Wow, that's so funny. It  \n\njust did. Uh, that's hilarious. I wasn't expecting \nthat. I was going to expect communicating with an  \n\nagent to get it done. But anyway, yeah, we just \ndrag and drop the folder in Endearing Salyaki.  \n\nAnd as you can see, our whole website is up. It's \nactually up on the internet now. It's not up um,  \n\nyou know, where it was before. So, I'm just \ngoing to open an incognito window just so  \n\nyou guys are 100% confident that it is on the \ninternet. I just accessed this. Why don't I um,  \n\nload this up on my phone, too. endearing. Okay. \nAnd I don't know if you guys could see this,  \n\nbut like that's the website. It's just on my \nphone now. It's on a totally different um you  \n\nknow device. So yeah. Hey, I'm uh Nick Sarif and \ntoday I'm going to show you how to get a website  \n\nup on the internet in like a 45 seconds flat. Kind \nof neat, huh? So this is more or less going to  \n\nbe the approach that I'm going to use to push all \nof our apps to production just because, you know,  \n\nI don't want us to have to spend a ton of money in \norder to like actually run server infer and stuff  \n\nlike that. But yeah, in general, like you know, \nif you're using a predictable library like this,  \n\nit's pretty straightforward. Obviously, not every \nsingle time is going to go that easily. And I'm  \n\ngoing to show you guys what like more complex app \npushes look like. In general, what I do now is I  \n\njust give my agent um an API key to the service \nlike Netlify. And then I just say, \"Hey, you know,  \n\npush this.\" And then it'll actually go through \nand then do all of the work. Um but hopefully  \n\nyou guys see how easy it is to oneshot a website \nwith Gemini 3.1 Pro. Cool. So that's how to design  \n\na website. The issue with websites is websites \nare really simple. They have no authentication.  \n\nThey have pretty cool UX as you can see and you \ncan get progressively more complicated as the  \n\nmodels get smarter. Um, but there's no like actual \nlike like security or or data transmission that's  \n\nreally required, right? There's no interactivity. \nSo when we migrate from uh you know websites to  \n\napps, what we need to do is we need to understand \na couple things about security. And if we don't  \n\nunderstand things about security, what'll end \nup happening is the same thing that happened to  \n\nsome pretty popular libraries. You guys might be \nfamiliar with like OpenClaw pretty recently or a  \n\nClaudebot is what it was called before its 40th \nrebrand. And the reason why part of the reason  \n\nwhy I rebrand it so much is because there's just \nso many security problems with it. Like people  \n\nhad 25,000 API keys leaked. API keys being like \nbasically the equivalent of like a password to  \n\na service. That's pretty important. Uh not to \nmention, you know, API bills that were run up  \n\nbecause hackers and stuff like that got access to \nit. Or just like leaked data from users that use  \n\na specific thing. Never a good situation to be in. \nSo, I don't want to pretend like I can solve 100%  \n\nof all security wos for you. I can't. The reality \nis everything on planet Earth is hackable. It's  \n\njust a question of how hackable. And the whole \nidea of like 8020ing security is just to get  \n\nyour point get to a point where your app is less \nhackable than the amount of effort that it would  \n\nrequire to do it. And so almost like anybody \ncould theoretically break into anybody's house,  \n\nbut we don't because there's just like a little \nbit more effort is required to like, I don't know,  \n\nbreak my window than just walk into my front door. \nUm, if you just like do some 8020, I don't know,  \n\nput a fence in, have some camera outside your \nfront door or something, you'll eliminate the  \n\nvast majority of like lowhanging fruit. Oka",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}