{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 5)",
  "content": "s  \n\npage for browser. And so, you know how some things \nin life you can only really do on a browser? You  \n\ncan't just do everything via API or you can't \ndo everything like through a chat window. This  \n\nis basically a quick and easy way that allows you \nto do that. And I'm not going to say that this is  \n\nlike super super valuable or really really \nall that helpful right now, but you know,  \n\nit's pretty cool and obviously they're trying \nto push more towards browser automation. Okay,  \n\nso hopefully you guys now know everything about \nhow to use anti-gravity and then the Gemini series  \n\nof models. What I want to do next is I just want \nto give you guys a quick run through of Claude  \n\nCode because we're also going to be using that. \nBasically, the Claude large language model lives  \n\nwithin the Claude code chat software which we also \nwrap inside of anti-gravity. And so just the exact  \n\nsame thing that we just did with the agent chat, \nwe can do with the Claude code chat as well. So  \n\nwhat I'm going to do next is I'm actually going \nto exit out of this view. Okay? And then I'm going  \n\nto sign up to Claude. Now, in order to use Claude \nCode, you do need an account. So what you have to  \n\ndo is you have to go over to claude.ai. That'll \ntake you to a page that looks like this. And  \n\nthen you can enter some information here and then \ncontinue with your email. I don't actually have an  \n\nemail called asf asdf asdfgmail.com. If I would, \nI'd probably be a billionaire. Um, basically  \n\nwhat'll happen is they'll send you a link over to \nyour email. You can click on that link and then  \n\nit'll sign you in. From there, you have a brief \nlittle onboarding that you need to fill out and  \n\nthen that'll take you to the most important part, \nwhich is the pricing. Now, the way that the plans  \n\nwork for Claude Code is you need to select between \nthe pro or the max plan. Pro plan is $17 a month  \n\nright now. The max plan starts at 100 and it can \nbe significantly higher. Unfortunately, right now  \n\nthey don't allow you to use quad code within a \nfree plan. That's just part of the limitations  \n\nof using the cloud family of models and it's just \nalways a trade-off with these things, right? Like  \n\nif you think about it, Gemini allows you to use \nthings for free. Uh Google, sorry, allows you  \n\nto use Gemini for free despite not having to pay \nany money, but then you have quite limited usage.  \n\nWhereas Cloud Code requires you to sort of put \na certain minimum amount of money, in this case  \n\n17 bucks a month in order to use it, but then it \ntends to be a lot better at specific applications.  \n\nSo you don't have to necessarily sign up for \nthis, but if you did want to sign up for it,  \n\nif you wanted to use um you know, Vibe Coding in \na way that I'm going to show you in this course,  \n\nyou would have to have some sort of subscription \nongoing. I don't want to push you guys to sign up  \n\nto anything. I'm not affiliated with, you know, \nAnthropic. I'm not affiliated with Claude Code.  \n\nI'm not pushing any specific product on you in \nthis course. I will just say that I, as a business  \n\nowner, uh, you know, I get a tremendous return on \ninvestment from this stuff. Just a few months ago,  \n\nin order to hire a developer at the level of Cloud \nCode or, you know, Gemini with an anti-gravity,  \n\nI would have had to spend 20,000 to $30,000 a \nmonth. I would have had to go down to Silicon  \n\nValley and find like a super cracked dev and then \nhire them on my team. And those people would work  \n\neight hours a day max. Um, this stuff does 24 \nhours a day. This stuff you can plug in APIs. It's  \n\ntotally automatable. This stuff gets smarter every \nday, week or month. And so this is really like the  \n\ntechnology of the future. Um, I probably get at \nleast 100x ROI on the money that I spend and I'm  \n\nspending like $200 a month, right? So that's \nthat for Claude. Once you're done signing up,  \n\num, what'll happen is we can go back to \nanti-gravity, go to this bottom lefth hand  \n\ntab here called extensions, and then click cloud \ncode for VS Code. Now what this is is just like  \n\nthe agent chat on the right hand side is the way \nto communicate with the Gemini series of models.  \n\nThis is built by Google. Okay, this is built by \nEnthropic and it's just a little extension chat  \n\nthat you can put into in gravity. And so what I've \ndone here is I've already installed it, but you'll  \n\nhave to install it. When you get it installed, \nwhat you can do is you can click on this little  \n\nbutton in the top right hand corner. That'll open \nup a clawed code window just like this. Okay. And  \n\nas you see, very similar UX to what we had earlier \nwith the agent chat. Just this time now it's  \n\nsort of like cute and orange and there's a little \nspace invader over here. So really quickly to run  \n\nyou through it, if this is the very first time \nyou've done this, you do need to go /lo. Okay,  \n\nthat'll allow you to log in to your Claude AAS \nsubscription which you just put together a moment  \n\nago. You can also sign in through the anthropic \nconsole or these other thirdparty providers. Most  \n\npeople for cost purposes are going to choose this \nas the cheapest one. After that, you just write  \n\na message like, \"Hey, what's up?\" Now, just like \nyou were communicating a moment ago with Gemini,  \n\nnow what we're doing is we're communicating \nwith a different model. And you can find out  \n\nwhich model by clicking the bottom right hand \ncorner and then going to switch model. And so,  \n\nright now, I'm using this default recommended \none, Opus 4.6, most capable for complex work.  \n\nThere's also another one, Opus 1 million context. \nThere's Sonnet, Sonnet 1 million context, Haiku,  \n\nand then uh some custom 4.6 model down here. \nI think if you guys are keen viewers, you'll  \n\nprobably say, \"Well, wait, Nick, didn't we have \nthe ability to communicate with the Claude series  \n\nof models down here?\" And the answer to that is \nyes. Uh for whatever reason, I guess just because  \n\nof the nature of their business arrangement, um \ninside of the agent chat and anti-gravity, Google  \n\nactually allows you to communicate with the Claude \nseries of models as well. But in my experience,  \n\nand I don't know if this is because they're \ntrying to handicap it or something like that,  \n\nbut like in my experience, it just doesn't work \nas well inside of that agent chat. And the UX is  \n\nactually much better within the Claude chat. \nSo, what I typically do is I just communicate  \n\nwith the Cloud series of models in Claude Code \nand then I communicate with the Gemini series  \n\nof models in their built-in anti-gravity agent \nchat. And that works really well for me. Um, also  \n\nit doesn't it like simplifies my payments. So, I'm \nlike paying one provider for one sort of model and  \n\nthen another provider for another sort of model. \nObviously, your mileage may vary with that. And  \n\nmaybe it's just the vibes and vibe coding that are \ngetting to me. I much prefer to communicate with  \n\nClaude in the Claude code extension. Anyway, \nhopefully it's pretty clear. Same thing. You  \n\nhave little text windows, right? This is its \nreply down over here. Just like in um Gemini,  \n\nwe had a few modes like planning and so on and so \nforth. In this one, we have um ask for edits, edit  \n\nautomatically, plan mode, and then also bypass \npermissions. Uh most Gemini is automatically  \n\nset to bypass permissions now. So, you don't \nactually have to like manually set it. Ask  \n\nbefore edit is just where if you want to change \nthe pre-existing files on the lefth hand side,  \n\nyou need to just like verify with me first. So, if \nI say change readme.md to include a snippet about  \n\nNick Sarif, okay? And then I ask it to do this, \nwhat it'll have to do is it'll have to go find  \n\nsome information about Nick Sarif. Then it'll have \nto read it. Then it'll have to make some proposed  \n\nadjustments. But do you see how now we have this \nlittle panel tha",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}