{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 2)",
  "content": " to think about anti-gravity \nas being divided into three panes. On the leftmost  \n\npane, you have basically the explorer. And for \nthe most part, you're only really going to be  \n\nusing the Explorer. You're not really going to \nuse the rest of these things. In the middle,  \n\nyou're actually going to have your file editor. \nAnd right now, we don't have any files open,  \n\nwhich is why we just see the anti-gravity logo. \nAnd then on the right hand side, you actually have  \n\nlike your agent chat, your ability to, you know, \ntalk to AI. And this is how most like integrated  \n\ndevelopment environments are nowadays. Um, I say \nmost because anti-gravity isn't really technically  \n\nan IDE. There's like a couple of additional \nfeatures here, but I don't want to be pedantic.  \n\nFor all intents and purposes, this is an IDE. And \nthis is how it works. So, in order for us to see  \n\nthe things on the lefth hand side here, this \nexplore, we actually do need to open a folder,  \n\nwhich is why it's asking us to do that. So, I'm \ngoing to click open folder. And then I just set up  \n\nthis little demo for a video I recorded yesterday \ncalled website builder. So, I'm just going to open  \n\nthat up. Okay. And now hopefully you guys could \nsee the page is transformed in this middle section  \n\nis our our file explorer. So because I don't \nreally think files are as important these days  \n\nto explore because AI does most that for you. \nI usually make the lefth hand side or the right  \n\nhand side way bigger. A lot of the time I actually \njust issue this middle pane entirely actually and  \n\nthen just chat with the agent. But I'll I'll show \nyou guys how that works later. For now let's learn  \n\nthis on the left hand side here. As you see this \nis just a file explorer like anything else just  \n\nlike a finder on your computer or whatever. You \nknow you have the exact same thing here. So, you  \n\nknow, in my case, I'm scrolling through my Mac uh \nfiles and and folders and stuff like that. Well,  \n\nthat's basically exactly what anti-gravity does. \nIt just does it for you in a slightly different  \n\nuser experience. And so, folders in this case have \nthis little folder icon, right? Um specific types  \n\nof files which have different file endings have \nother logos and stuff. This is a markdown file,  \n\nwhich is why it's an M and then it's a down. Uh \nthis is an HTML file, which is why it looks like  \n\nthat. And, you know, you don't actually need to \nknow a ton of programming in order to get all of  \n\nthis stuff. To be honest, um I don't have a formal \nprogramming degree or anything like that. I still  \n\nunderstood this stuff just fine after spending a \nlittle bit of time inside of this dashboard. So,  \n\njust to prove to you guys that, you know, we're \nin a file. Uh if I click on this index.html here,  \n\nyou see that I actually have like a website file \nset up here. HTML is the um ending for websites  \n\nbasically. And uh you know, there's a bunch \nof different text here in this middle editor.  \n\nDoc type, HTML head, meta, right? I don't actually \nknow what most of this stuff means. I just have my  \n\nagent deal with it. But it is important from time \nto time to at least be able to poke into the file  \n\nand and do things and stuff like that. Just like \nyou can do with any file explorer, you can create  \n\nnew files here. So I can make like another file \nMD. Then I could write stuff. Hey stuff. Okay.  \n\nUm you can also delete files. So rightclick \nand then you can you know delete, rename,  \n\nopen timeline. You can do all sorts of random \nstuff with this. But I just want you to treat  \n\neverything on the lefth hand side as basically \nyour average run-of-the-mill file explorer. And  \n\nthen the stuff in the middle you can almost treat \nlike like notepad on Windows or like Apple notes  \n\nin the middle. Um it's just because in programming \ntypically specific character sequences are tied to  \n\nspecific pieces of functionality. You'll see here \nthat like it's quite colorful like link tags look  \n\na specific way. This thing looks another way. If \nI go into I don't know this Tailwind config. You  \n\nsee we now have the color purple and and yellow. \nBasically they just make it look like a freaking  \n\nrainbow. And that's cool cuz why would I be \nworking on something gray dull and featureless  \n\nif I could be working on a rainbow instead? On the \nrightmost side of the file explorer, you also have  \n\nthe ability to like um have like a quick highle \noverview of the file. So that's kind of neat.  \n\nI don't know if you guys could tell super well \nhere, but this is basically like a I don't know,  \n\nit's like a a level of abstraction up. It's like \na window that allows us to scroll up and down.  \n\nThis is useful if you're looking for specific \nthings within the file. Although I'll be honest,  \n\nI mean like nowadays, as I mentioned, I don't \nreally use the editor too much. And then up at the  \n\nvery top right hand corner, this is relevant if \nyou run any markdown files. If you click on this  \n\nlittle button here, and by the way, most files \nnowadays where you communicate with the model  \n\nare going to be markdown files. Instead of it \nlooking kind of like dull and drab and you know,  \n\nall this tiny text here, if you click on this \nlittle button here, you'll actually open what's  \n\ncalled a markdown preview. And then this markdown \npreview will actually like make the text the way  \n\nthat it's supposed to look. So every time in \nmarkdown, you have this little like number  \n\nsign. What that actually refers to is that refers \nto like a heading. And that's like the really big  \n\nheading. If you have two, then that's a little \nsmaller heading. Then you have like text down  \n\nhere. So, most of the time, this is what you guys \nare probably more familiar with. And to be honest,  \n\na lot of the time, if I just want to like take \nall this dense stuff and then make it look a lot  \n\nbetter, I'll go back to um my browser and then \nI'll go to Google Docs. And then what I'll do  \n\nis I'll actually paste this in. And then I'll \njust change the text color to black. And then  \n\nnow everything here just looks like a big Google \ndoc. And I can read through it. And you know,  \n\nI see like orders of um hierarchy and and stuff \nlike that. Not super important, but good way for  \n\nyou to like quickly take a look at prompts. \nOkay, a couple of quick hotkeys here. Um,  \n\nyou can go forward just uh with this. You can go \nbackward with this. It's the exact same hotkeys  \n\nthat you use on um, you know, Windows or Mac to \nlike change tabs and stuff cuz basically what  \n\nwe're doing is we're just changing tabs. So, \nif you're alt tabbing, you can alt tab through  \n\nfiles like that. Super easy. And then you'll also \nnotice that there's just different types of files  \n\ndepending on what you're looking at. So, we talked \nabout markdown. This is a JSX. This is a CSS. This  \n\none over here though is actually a Gemini specific \none called walkthrough where it runs you through  \n\nwhat the AI uh basically wants to do next. It \nbasically teaches you what it's doing. It's kind  \n\nof neat and we're going to cover a lot more about \nthat later. But there's cool features like review,  \n\nyou could submit a comment, you could ask the \nmodel for stuff and and download it as well which  \n\nis kind of cool. Okay. And then finally just to \nround out our AD20 on the right hand side we have  \n\nthe agent panel. And this is where I'm going to \nspend most of my time because as mentioned this  \n\nis where like AI does most things for us nowadays. \nAnd we don't actually have to worry too much about  \n\nthe folders or the files or the code. What we \nworry about is we just worry about specifying what  \n\nwe want in natural language. That's really what \nlike the vibe and vibe coding is all about. Okay.  \n\nSo, starting at the very top right hand corner, \nif you want to start a new conversation, you just  \n\nclick this button. Now, we don't actually have any \ntext in our current ",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}