{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 28)",
  "content": "t are you crazy? And \nso on and so forth. This is some other thing that  \n\nI've developed here. This is some other thing \nthat I've developed. And so on and so forth.  \n\nSo, I mean, like, you know, this is kind \nof cool, right? You basically can just go  \n\ntop to bottom and then see at a bird's eye view a \nbunch of different conversations that you've had  \n\nwith different agents. And you can do this across \nworkspaces. You can start new conversations across  \n\nworkspaces. You can jump into a specific workspace \nusing the editor, right? Um, and so on. The really  \n\ncool thing though is if you go to this inbox in \nthe top lefthand corner, what you can see is you  \n\nbasically get a list of all of the messages that \nAI is sending you. And the reason why this is so  \n\nvaluable and so cool is because if you make use of \nthe pending feature, which is basically where you  \n\ndon't let AI do something unless you've cleared \nit, what you can do is you could use this little  \n\npending filter and then just have a giant list of \nthings that like 20 different agents are working  \n\non simultaneously and then they're just like \nserving you um you know the results and asking  \n\nyou, hey, do you want me to do X, Y, and Z? Okay, \nso let me show you a really quick and and simple  \n\nexample. So earlier I had this website builder \nrepo, right? If I just open the editor here,  \n\nI had this big Gemini.MD where I was basically \nshowing you guys how to create a website and  \n\nthen I pumped through like two or three of them \nsimultaneously. And I hid this from you at the  \n\ntime because I didn't want you to obviously get \nsuper overwhelmed. But if you open the agent  \n\nmanager, okay, you can see that you can now start \nnew conversations in what's called a playground,  \n\nwhich is an independent workspace, perfect for \nquick prototypes or following curiosity. Then you  \n\nactually just paste in this multiple times. So you \ncould start a conversation by going in, paste this  \n\nin, start another conversation by going in, paste \nthis in, and start another conversation by going  \n\nin, paste it in. And now in the playground side of \nthings, okay, you now have multiple conversations  \n\nthat are occurring where it'll basically just ask \nyou a bunch of information. I'm just going to say,  \n\num, choose all of this yourself, high-end SAS, \nfor a demo I'm making. You can just paste this in.  \n\nYou could paste this in. You could paste this in. \nAnd then you could paste this in. And what I have  \n\nnow, okay, is I have multiple agents that are all \noperating simultaneously and independently for me.  \n\nThis first one here is called cinematic landing \npage build. The second one here is called building  \n\ncinematic landing pages. And then you guys can't \nsee these other two, but it's cinematic landing  \n\nand cinematic landing. And basically what they're \ngoing to do is presumably they're going to create  \n\ndifferent folders for each of these and then build \nall of these websites simultaneously in parallel.  \n\nRight now what I have think about it is I've \nmade one command up here and it's split rather  \n\nI've made four different commands up here but \nbasically what I've done is I've split and now  \n\nwe have these agents all running simultaneously \nand inside of this playground I have the ability  \n\nto like get a highle overview what of what um \nthey're all doing just by mousing through each  \n\nokay and you know sometimes you're either going to \nrun into token limits or there's going to be some  \n\nissue so agent terminated due to error here when \nthis sort of thing occurs you can reply and you  \n\ncan also just use this agent conversation for it \nto show you more or less like what it's currently  \n\nworking on. So, you know, if I go to inbox here a \nmoment ago, it basically said, \"Hey, like what do  \n\nyou want me to do?\" That that that was a message \nthat the agent sent to me asking me for approval,  \n\nright? I can actually just see all these things \nat a very high level overview just by constantly  \n\nbeing on this page. And then essentially all I'm \ndoing is instead of like me being responsible for  \n\nshephering one agent simultaneously, sorry, one \nagent through a process, I can shepherd multiple  \n\nsimultaneously. And this is the difference between \nsomebody that's like building one project and then  \n\nsomebody that's orchestrating multiple projects. \nYou do run into some issues with like context  \n\nswitching, which is a productivity term that \nbasically applies to when you're trying to do  \n\nmultiple things simultaneously or a little bit \nless efficient at um every one individual one,  \n\nbut it's sort of like monitoring like three or \nfour different CCTV uh uh pieces of footage if  \n\nyou're like a security guard or something in a \nmall. You're basically just zooming out. You're  \n\nwatching three or four of these things and \nyou're stepping in anytime that a particular  \n\nperson needs you. Alternatively, it could be like \nyou're a manager at some big office with a bunch  \n\nof cubicles that you're just walking up and down \nthe halls. When somebody needs you, they're like,  \n\n\"Hey, you know, Nick, can you help me with X, Y, \nand Z?\" And so, in this way, you're capable of  \n\norchestrating significantly more total output or \nwork than you would be able to do yourself. So,  \n\nit's really worth using hotkeys um if you \nwanted to start building things in this way. And  \n\nuh generally speaking, believe it or not, instead \nof just building one app, I will usually build two  \n\nor three apps simultaneously now with something \nlike the agent manager and an inbox. and then  \n\nI'll just like have them all run in parallel. \nUm, the reason why is because then that way I  \n\ncould build multiple versions and then I can \njust pick the version I like the best. Once I  \n\npick the version I like the best, I drop the other \nones and then I just proceed with that one. Um,  \n\nbut yeah, hot keys are pretty important. So you \ncan find those just by mousing over each of these  \n\nbuttons. So inbox is command I for instance, \nuh, if you scroll down to playground here,  \n\nyou can create a new instance just by holding \ncontrolN. And so a lot of the time I'm just  \n\njumping between new conversations and then my \ninbox over and over and over and over again.  \n\nUm, you can also jump back to that editor like I \ntalked about earlier just by going command E. This  \n\nwill jump you into the particular folder where \nthe conversation and kind of work is happening.  \n\nSo this one's called glowing cosmos for instance. \nAt any point in time if you're operating inside  \n\nof this playground, you also have the ability \nto um move this into a specific folder. And so  \n\nthis is occurring right now in like a temporary \nfolder that uh Gemini and anti-gravity just puts  \n\ntogether anytime you do this sort of thing. \nBut you can also just click this button and  \n\nthen you can select a destination folder for all \nthe files in your project. So I could, you know,  \n\nuse the playground to sketch out three or four \ndifferent ones and then when I find one that I  \n\nreally like, I could then use the um create a new \nfolder thing to like actually go in add a folder  \n\nand then just work in like a dedicated workspace. \nThey also have a feature called follow along with  \n\nagent in the top rightand corner. So if you \nfollow along with agent um basically it'll  \n\npull you back in to what the agent is doing at \nevery step and then allow you to see the various  \n\num you know pieces of work that that agent it's \nworth keeping this page pretty clean. So, I'm just  \n\ngoing to proceed with whatever the heck it asked \nme for. And then over here, now I basically have  \n\nthese two main threads that I'm running. You can \nsee the same thing's occurring back here and then  \n\nalso back here. And although kind of per unit, \nit'll still take the same amount of time to get a  \n\nwebsite out because, you know, this is operating \nat the speed of um whatever Gemini 3.1 Pro is,  \n\n",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}