{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 29)",
  "content": "if you think about it, I'm technically doing four \ntimes the amount of work um simultaneously across  \n\nall four. I don't usually recommend having \nmore than two or three of these operating. I  \n\njust wanted to show you guys how cool it could \nbe if you have four. I actually have five now  \n\ncuz I'm proceeding with some um agency operation \nthing I did a while back. Uh just because I find  \n\nlike your attention gets pulled away a little \ntoo much. But um yeah, you can see here in the  \n\ntop rightand corner because I'm following this \nanytime it'll make a substantial major update. I  \n\ncan actually see the code that it's working with \nand so on and so forth. I usually don't actually  \n\nclick that though. I just go to my inbox and then \nI seem you know do you need anything from me? if  \n\nthere's any specific feature or whatever that \nthey want, then I can I can jump right in. So,  \n\nlet me run this for a couple more minutes, get \na bunch of websites, and I'll just show you  \n\nwhat they all look like. Okay. And our landing \npages are now starting to um be finished. So,  \n\nwe could actually access the Vit server. This \none's using a different framework called Vit that  \n\nI covered earlier just by pasting this in. You \ncan see we now have one of the websites. Now, I  \n\nshould note that this looks pretty similar to the \n1se secondond copy website I had set up because  \n\nuh I think I just asked it to build something that \nwas like very very similar visually speaking. So,  \n\nwe had that little heartbeat. we have this little \nthing, but you know, I'm like trying to build  \n\nit with a particular template, right? So, I'm \njust going to instantiate a bunch of versions  \n\nof this template, and if I like them, then I'll \ngo with that. This second one here is done. Um,  \n\nbecause I didn't specifically say, \"Hey, I want \nyou to run the server and then open it.\" You know,  \n\nthis one's asking me to do this terminal command, \nnpm rundev. Um, so I'm just going to have it do  \n\nit by saying run it and then it'll open it \nfor me and then I can take a peek. Here it  \n\nis. Let's copy this over. Paste this in. Cool. \nAnd now we have another one called Aether Core,  \n\nwhich is very clean. I really like this one. Damn, \nthat's really, really sexy. You know, there are  \n\nsome issues here with some of the fonts and stuff, \nbut hopefully you guys see like I was capable of  \n\ngenerating four of these simultaneously. This one \nhere is still under development. As you can see,  \n\nthere's a hero section and it's scrolled down, but \nit is running live on a server and it does have  \n\nthat cool little bar up top. And this one here had \nprobably my perfect instantiation or my favorite  \n\nof like this slow scrolling card like that to me \nlooks really sweet. Um, it's just rerunning it  \n\nbecause it's making some additional changes, but \nyeah, pretty cool, huh? So, you can actually build  \n\nmultiple apps simultaneously. And in this case, \nyou know, I gave it some pretty static resources.  \n\nAnd I was like, \"Hey, I want you to use like \nthis kind of noise layer in the background and  \n\nstuff like that.\" You could also just have all \nof them be different. And the way you do that  \n\nis you just provide like a prompt that has some \ninherent randomization. Basically says, \"Hey,  \n\nI want you to randomly select like, I don't know, \na background from this online background service.\"  \n\nAnd then it'll use different backgrounds. Hey, I \nwant you to automatically select a different type  \n\nof style using this thing. You know, instead of \nhigh-end SAS, I just want you to come up with a  \n\ndifferent one every single time. And then it'll \ncome up with like a 100. So yeah, in this way  \n\nI've I've uh successfully built something like \n15 websites simultaneously at the same time. I  \n\nfound like the top two or three that I like. I've \nproceeded with those. I filtered out the ones that  \n\nI didn't and then I've had like a really really \nhigh quality product. And I've done all that stuff  \n\nin like 10 maybe 15 minutes or so. Um obviously be \ncareful with token usage here because it's always  \n\ngoing to be a trade-off between the time it takes \nto build something and the total cost on your end.  \n\nThis is just a pretty straightforward money for \ntime trade, but running multiple agents in this  \n\nway um simultaneously can be pretty cool. \nOkay, now that you guys know more or less  \n\neverything you need to know about both modern \nsoftware development, um, hosting, databases,  \n\nframeworks, and all that stuff, plus how to use \nagents to pour fuel onto the fire, let's build  \n\nproduct number three, which is a lead generation \nSAS app that scrapes, enriches, and even queue up  \n\num, the sending of fully automated emails. This \nis very similar to a structure that I use in  \n\nproduction myself in my own business, Leftclick. \nWe work with multi-billion dollar portfolio  \n\ncompanies and essentially connect to the outbound \nsystems on a team to help them send emails,  \n\nscrape uh contact details, and then personalize \noutreach at scale without needing like a million  \n\nbajillion hires in order to do all that for us. \nSo this time, instead of just diving right into  \n\nthe app development via prompt, I wanted to take a \nfew moments to sketch out what an actual app might  \n\nlook like. And there are variety of different \nnames for this sort of thing. Um, in my case,  \n\nI'm just going to call it planning. You could \ncall it some form of like UX or site design  \n\nor navigation design or whatnot. In short, um I \nknow for sure this app is going to need a landing  \n\npage. So here I just said landing page sexy on \nit. We're going to want some navbar, some main  \n\nvalue proposition, a social proof section, some \nhow it works section, some case studies, a CTA,  \n\nand then a footer. This is pretty standard, right? \nIt's basically the exact same thing that we did  \n\nwith Content Orb. After that, we're going to want \nsome sort of login and/or signup page. And so this  \n\nis the O form in Superbase where you enter your \nemail, enter your password, and then it signs you  \n\nup. Now, what I imagine will probably happen after \nis once you're signed in, um, we'll need some form  \n\nof configuration page cuz I want this app to be \nable to be usable by people like you, people that,  \n\num, you know, I don't want to have to necessarily \nbuild for. Instead, I want there to be a space for  \n\nyour instantly API key, your anthropic API key, \nyour OpenAI API key. Uh, I want you to be able to  \n\nconfigure the prompts that are being used by the \nAIS to do personalization as well as have defaults  \n\nand stuff like that. And basically, I just want \nthat to be like your onboarding. It's like, hey,  \n\ndo you want to get started with the scraping? \nJust enter your API keys here. And there are a  \n\ncouple of other API keys that I'm going to need, \nactually. But, um, in addition to that, I also  \n\nwant like brief little one-click guides to show \npeople how to do all of those things. And then  \n\nfinally, I want the actual scraping page itself, \nwhich is just going to be a form where you put in  \n\nsome basic parameters. And the way this is going \nto work, for those of you guys that don't know,  \n\nthere's a scraping service out there called \nAppify. And we're basically just going to wrap  \n\naround Appify. If we can't find enough leads, then \nwe're going to scrape Google Maps. And then we're  \n\nbasically going to combine both of these into some \nsort of like enrichment personalization flow. Um,  \n\nand assuming that, you know, we've enriched and \npersonalized, which, you know, may not necessarily  \n\nmean something to you guys if you guys aren't in \nthe marketing space, but I'll run you guys through  \n\nit all um throughout this demo, then you'll just \nget all the leads that you just scraped in a  \n\nsimple CSV with some additional column that has AI \nbased personalization. So, we're going to need the  \n\nfirst name and email at minimum. And then I think \nthe last ",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}