{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 7)",
  "content": " do things in a really high quality  \n\nway. Okay. So over here, what it's doing now is \nit's running a terminal shell. Terminals just look  \n\nlike this. uh running background command. Anytime \nyou see anything like this with this little  \n\nterminal icon, it's basically just doing the thing \nin the terminal for you. Um you can actually just  \n\njump to that anytime you want to. And here you can \nactually see like what it's communicating with,  \n\nwhat it's doing. You can also see the artifacts. \nSo there's now two artifacts that it's created.  \n\nOne's called uh the task and the other's called \nthe implementation plan. Both of these here are  \n\nbasically just resources for you to make things a \nlittle bit more visible. Like logically speaking,  \n\nthis model is doing a lot under the hood, right? \nwriting hundreds, thousands of of words basically  \n\nevery few seconds. Um I have no insight into this. \nThis is all just occurring behind the scenes.  \n\nAnd so one of the big issues right now with vibe \ncoded apps is there's just no interpretability or  \n\naccountability about like what the model's doing \nunderneath um you know behind everything. Well,  \n\nthis implementation plan, the whole idea is it \njust like shows you behind the scenes what's going  \n\non. Well, it's decided on some AR aesthetic and \ntypology decisions like um B2B SAS dense. We want  \n\ngunmetal safety orange steel. The typography is \ngoing to be IBM Plex suns, IBM Plex mono, right?  \n\nThese different fonts and so on and so forth. The \napplication shell is going to look like this. The  \n\nproposed changes are going to look like that. As \nyou saw a moment ago, we just added a file to our  \n\nfolder called leftclick- dashboard. If I give this \nbutton a click, you'll see we now have a bunch  \n\nof files that it's written. The model just wrote \nall of this while I was just talking to you guys,  \n\nand it's currently writing more, right? Which is \npretty neat. I don't know how any of this stuff  \n\nworks, to be honest. And I don't need to anymore. \nI just vibe code. If I like it, fantastic. If not,  \n\nI I'll ask for changes and I'll show you guys \nwhat that loop looks like in a second. But yeah,  \n\nI mean, you know, as you guys see, a big chunk \nof this is just shephering AI and making sure  \n\nthat it's operating in in the right direction, the \ndirection that you want, as well as looking over  \n\nthings like implementation plans, intermediary \nfiles that are created, and stuff like that to  \n\njust ensure that like everything is going the way \nthat you initially planned. What I'm going to do  \n\nnext is I'm going to go grab a sip of water and \nthen I'll come back and hopefully this website  \n\nwill be ready to go. Okay. And here is the result. \nDeploy the growth engine. We build growth systems  \n\nfor high- rev B2B agencies. Pure information \ndensity, zero latency scaling. Wow, that's  \n\ncool. Ooh, I love that button. That's really nice. \nUh, if you guys watched one of my recent videos on  \n\nwebsite design, this is the same approach. So, \nI actually really like the background image as  \n\nwell. And so, I uh turned I basically gave it the \nability like the prompt that you guys are going to  \n\nuse if you copy the prompt and use it in your own. \nBasically gave it the ability to like find stock  \n\nimage websites and stuff like that. And that's how \nwe end up with like this really nice clean like  \n\nglass ISO form thing up at the top. then have some \ncool uh you know sections here. Rapid revenue,  \n\nlowest cost, proven vendor. That's really cool. We \nfocus on systemic growth. I like that. I like the  \n\nblue this time. We got some cool animations and \nstuff like that. You will find, you know, because  \n\nwe're using the same icon libraries and stuff, \nsome of these animations will be pretty similar.  \n\nIf you redo this five or six times, but yeah, I \nmean like we just we just one-shoted a really cool  \n\nwebsite, right? Um I'm just going to do the same \nthing now a couple times just to show you guys  \n\nthat you don't have to stick just to the style. \nYou could do it in a bunch of different ones,  \n\ntoo, if you wanted to. Okay. So, I'm just going \nto open up a new folder here. And then I'm just  \n\ngoing to make one website builder new. And then \nI'm just going to operate inside of this folder.  \n\nOkay. This is another rendition. So, I think this \nis supposed to be like kind of earthy and healthy,  \n\nwhich is why it says leftclick with the globe. \nThat is definitely not our brand, but what are  \n\nyou going to do? We're the architect of outbound \nscale. We weaponize personalization by designing  \n\nand deploying outbound architect for multi-billion \ndollar portfolios. Kind of really like that  \n\nsection too much. Here's probably the weakest bit, \nthough. This stuff looks really cool. Like like I  \n\nI really like this. Look at that. This looks nice \nas well. You know, it's like something it came up  \n\nwith to showcase how we're verifying decision \nmaker profiles. We're trusted by the best. You  \n\nknow, we're architecting the revenue engine. So, \nthis is a great example for me to show you how  \n\nyou can change websites to make things better \nor uh I don't know, you know, include sections  \n\nthat you want. So, what I have here is I have a \nvoice transcription tool. And you know what? I  \n\nI I don't really like I don't know, I just don't \nreally like the layout here. I think personally  \n\nthe navbar is kind of an issue. So, what I'm \ngoing to do is I'm going to go and I'm going  \n\nto see if I could find a navbar from something \nelse and I'm just going to include a screenshot.\n\nSo, like this navbar is actually really \ncool, right? Like this this is clean. So,  \n\nwhy don't I just take this navbar from my former \nsite? Okay. And then why don't I also just create  \n\na big voice prompt about all the things I want to \nchange. Hey, I have a navbar that I've supplied  \n\nyou with. I want you to make it that sort of \npill style because I think it's really high-end  \n\nand clean. I don't need the Earth logo next to \nleft click. You can just use uh left click. Um,  \n\nwe should have buttons on the hero header. Also, \njust make the hero header way bigger. I want it to  \n\nbe like huge. I want the content in there to \njust pop and and explode. There's some weird  \n\nnumbers next to the hypereefficient acquisition \ngraph. Um, they're outside of the bounds of that  \n\nlittle box. So, let's fix that up. Um, let's add \nanother section between scale without compromise  \n\nand trusted by the best. That just talks about \nme. My name is Nick Sarif. I run Leftclick. I've  \n\nhelped uh I don't know over 400 500,000 people \nnow use AI automation and then outbound methods  \n\nto improve their lives and their businesses. \nUm you can do a quick little Google about me as  \n\nwell if you want. And then down at the bottom, um \nlet's just add a footer in addition to the CTA so  \n\nthat it's just a little bit thicker and there's \nmore going on. Okay. And then I'm just going to  \n\ndump that right here. And I'm just going to dump \nthat right here. So boom. Let's just remove that.  \n\nUh and then Yeah. And then I'm going to paste. \nI guess I got to paste the image, right? Yeah.  \n\nThere you go. Cool. So, now that I've I pumped \nall this stuff inside, um I'm just going to wait  \n\nfor it to finish the change and then I'm going to \ndouble back. Meanwhile, I designed another website  \n\nsimultaneously uh for my content writing business. \nOnce I can copy. So, I like this. This is really  \n\nclean. We then have that little pillow up top \nwith similar three card design here with some  \n\ntext. That's neat. Uh we also have these cards \nthat kind of come up. I really love these cards.  \n\nThese are really clean. And then down over here at \nthe bottom, we have some pricing. So, that's nice.  \n\nAnyway, I just wanted to show you guys that while \nwe're waiting for the other leftclick site. Okay,  \n\nand I can see it's saying the dev environment \nis still running. So, I'm just going to co",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}