{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 41)",
  "content": "e using that provided font? \nSome of the colors are a little too light now,  \n\nI would say, like the highlight uh color on \nthe left handmost navigation elements. That  \n\nlight green or whatever it is, that neon color \nis a little rough. So, I think we're probably  \n\ngoing to have to reduce that just for contrast \npurposes. Um, are we using real glass isomeorphism  \n\nhere? If you don't know what that is, um, I can \nprovide significantly more context. Anyway, uh,  \n\nwe do have some major issues on the landing page \nside of things. This looks pretty poor. I think  \n\nwhat I'll do is I'll just provide you a landing \npage that I want you to copy verbatim like word  \n\nfor word because just the way that you're using \nshadows and stuff like that looks really silly  \n\nright now. Aside from that though, um, pretty well \ndone. I like this. I'll provide you that landing  \n\npage and then you can try copying it verbatim \nu to start and then we can make some other  \n\nmodifications afterwards. Here's the landing page. \nOkay, that looks pretty solid. I'm just going to  \n\ngo and I'm just going to find a really classy \nisomorphism glass. Okay, glass morphism, I guess,  \n\nlanding page. That makes more sense. Okay, we \njust want one that like actually looks like a  \n\nlike a real app, you know, not one that's BS. So, \nlet me take a look what has like that light theme.\n\nOkay, I like this. This is pretty good. You know, \none of my favorite things to do is just to open  \n\nup the local dev server and then just watch \nas it slowly but surely updates the page and,  \n\nyou know, incorporates your device. It's kind \nof neat. So, it's just done that up here. Um,  \n\nit's just using some fake logo here to try and \nmimic it, but obviously it's not the same thing  \n\nas the actual logo. It's like adding small little \nelements here or there, changing like the colors  \n\nand the background and and stuff like that. Um, \nso that's that's pretty cool. Quite sexy. I really  \n\nlike um being able to see that. It's doing the \nsame thing underneath with like the soft gradients  \n\nand then obviously changing the uh the colors \nand stuff because some of the elements have not  \n\nbeen adjusted yet. Obviously, the background \nin this case and the text is black. But yeah,  \n\nas it continues, it'll just get closer and \ncloser and cleaner to that actual pixel perfect  \n\nuh uh generation. Website's slowly getting \nbetter and better. It's getting cleaner. Um  \n\nall these elements now are starting to match \ncolor-wise. We even have that little down CTA  \n\nwith that light blue. So, this is a much better \napproach, I would say. Some other adjustments  \n\nI went through and then in uh a lot more detail \nbasically deconstructed everything that I wanted  \n\nchanged. So I wanted to make the nav bar a little \nbit square. I wanted to fill out the rest of the  \n\ndashboard underneath the hero header, make the \nsocial proof section infinitely revolving and so  \n\non and so forth. And the idea here is we just \nwant to get the app as close as uh possible  \n\nto basically perfect aesthetically speaking \nbefore I do all the rest of the work. Okay,  \n\nwe got the website right over here looking really \nclean. Notice how we've gone through and then  \n\nactually adjusted the dashboard down here. That's \nreally, really sexy. Um, I'm not liking the slight  \n\ndifference in Oh, actually, no. That's basically \nperfect. Why don't we just, um, I think I'll  \n\nprobably square out all the buttons everywhere. \nBut anyway, this stuff's looking real clean. We  \n\nhave the pricing down below, ready to blow up your \nchannel. I'm just going to go to dashboard. Let's  \n\njust see how the actual functionality of the app \nis. This looks pretty good. Um, I don't really  \n\nlike the light blue in the back, so I'll adjust \nthat as well. But everything else is looking good,  \n\nright? Like the margins are basically all the \nsame. Um, we also have emphasize contrast. So  \n\nnow the generation prompts are autopop populating. \nAnd yeah, I mean, I'd say this is pretty great. I  \n\ndon't like the background blue on the um inside \nof the app page, like the dashboard to generate  \n\nthe settings. That component looks weird to me. \nI'd like some collection of soft gradients on the  \n\nbackground of the hero header in the landing \npage. And then I'd like you to turn all pill  \n\nshapes right now into those rounded squares \ninstead. I think that just looks a lot better.  \n\nFor instance, the signup button in the navbar, \nthe real-time generation from your prompts widget,  \n\nand the dashboard in the hero header um image. I \nwant all of those little pill shapes converted.  \n\nAside from that, change define to thumbly. I \nwant you to make sure that those two buttons,  \n\nfilter by CTR and plus new thumbnail, are just on \none line. Right now, they're both on two. Adjust  \n\nthe verbage if necessary. And then everything \nelse looks really clean. Yeah, that's about  \n\nit. All right, this is looking a lot cleaner. We \nhave everything that we need on the landing page.  \n\nUm, I like the fact that the cards no longer \nlook that ugly, atrocious blue. At this point,  \n\nall we really have to do is provide \nall of our API keys and tokens. So,  \n\nas mentioned, I basically want to reproduce \nthe functionality of AI studio.google.com,  \n\nexcept I want to be able to provide a thumbnail \nand then a bunch of my own faces and then just  \n\nhave it replace the image in the uh thumbnail, or \nrather replace the person's face in the thumbnail  \n\nwith my own. This is a pretty common thing to do \non YouTube nowadays. Basically what you do is you  \n\nfind like outlier really high quality thumbnails \nand then you just replace them and make some minor  \n\nadjustments. Um I'll show you guys what I mean. \nIf you head over to this app here, one of 10, and  \n\nthen you go down to, I don't know, videographer or \nsomething, and you know, just look for something  \n\nlike this by this fella here, Kristoff Oliver. I \nmean, like, is this the best thumbnail? Actually,  \n\nno. Let's use this one. This one's probably \nnicer. So, you see how there's like, you know,  \n\nsome fella here in the middle and then there's the \ntext around it and then there's some little image.  \n\nSo, I mean, like, you know, I think you'd probably \ndesign something better than this, but still. I'm  \n\njust going to save this image. Head over to AI \nStudio. I wanted to just switch my account to  \n\none that actually has credits. What I'm going to \ndo is I'm going to stick this puppy inside. Then,  \n\nI'll say replace the man in the thumbnail with \nthe man in the profile picture provided. Then, I'm  \n\ngoing to look for a picture of myself. I like this \none. This one's pretty funky. So, I'm going to  \n\nsay replace the man in the thumbnail that includes \nhow to build a portfolio with a man in the profile  \n\npicture holding a trophy. Okay. So, what I want \nbasically want to do, what I'm instructed to do is  \n\nto take this and then just swap it out for this or \nsomething close to that. So, I press enter. You'll  \n\nsee that it's not going to do the most amazing \njob right off the bat, but it's going to do an  \n\nokay job. And basically the whole idea is we're \njust going to run this multiple times until we get  \n\nlike three or four options. And then we're just \ngoing to present them to the user and then they  \n\ncan just select one that they really like. And \nscrolling down here, you can see that we've since  \n\nreplaced that man just with me holding my trophy. \nSo it didn't get like exactly what I wanted to do.  \n\nObviously I don't actually want to be holding the \ntrophy, but you can see that I'm in this fell's  \n\nroom. And for the most part, it looks like me. I \nmean, there's some minor little changes in terms  \n\nof the skin texture and stuff. Um I think my skin \ntexture is worse and it's like done some done some  \n\ntouch-ups, but you know, it's got my hair. It's \ngot me holding the trophy. didn't add any extra  \n\nAI fingers. And yeah, that's more or less wha",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}