{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 10)",
  "content": "our database. And \nthat's just how Superbase works by default. And so  \n\nsome very popular vibe coded projects here did not \nhave level security. And basically anybody that  \n\nsigned up for them was given a key, sort of like a \npassword, and then they just use that password to  \n\nsearch up all of the data about every other person \non it. And that led to like a massive massive,  \n\nyou know, issue. Try not to swear in these \nvideos, but it was a cluster. And uh, you know,  \n\nthat ended up with people's ability to delete \nrows and databases, which was stupid. All RLS's.  \n\nBasically says like, hey, user A can only see user \nA's data. User B can only see user B's data. Like,  \n\nobviously, it's not rocket science. Uh, but if you \njust turn this on, you'll fix like 90% of errors.  \n\nOkay, so 83% of exposed superbased databases \ninvolved RLS misconfigurations. uh 83%. That  \n\nmeans like only 17% of exposed superbase issues \nwere not related directly to this one thing that  \n\nI'm telling you about that is basically just a \nbutton. So we're just going to click enable and  \n\nit'll be fine from now on. But just make sure to \nknow RLS is like the main lowhanging fruit. Next  \n\nis something called serverside validation and um a \nbig problem with that is like you know how we just  \n\ndeveloped a website, right? Well, let's say on \ntheir website there was some form and the form was  \n\num I don't know it was like a sign up form and it \nsaid you know enter your email here and then enter  \n\nyour password and then let's say obviously in \norder to implement any sort of sign up mechanism  \n\nwhat we kind of have to do is we have to check to \nsee does the email already exists in our database  \n\nand so what the server side thing what the front \nend thing would do is it would basically say okay  \n\nlet's match the email to something in our database \nwell um when you do this sort of ser uh front-end  \n\nvalidation where you validate like all of the \nlogic on your on your website um it's massive  \n\nsecurity risk because as you just saw a moment \nago, anybody can jump into the code of any website  \n\nand then immediately change it. Like I could \ngo to google.com and then I could, you know,  \n\num hold command shift C or rightclick and then go \ninspect element and then I could select anything I  \n\nwant on the page like this Google search button. \nThen I could actually change it from uh I don't  \n\nknow this input class which is called Google \nsearch and I could change it to nick search.  \n\nAnd now I've just changed Google's website, right? \nAccordingly, what I could also do is if there's  \n\nsome form here when I put my information in that \ndoes my email or whatever, I could actually like  \n\nhave it go through a bunch of email addresses or \na bunch of passwords and then it would change the  \n\nemail and password that is being done the valid \naccordingly. If I had a forum and this forum,  \n\nyou know, was like checking emails or checking \npasswords or something, I could actually go  \n\nthrough and then I could like see the data, see \nthe function that is actually doing the checking  \n\nand then I could like look at it and I could be \nlike, wow. So the logic that that guy is using  \n\nto check if passwords exist is he's checking to \nsee if it's over uh I don't know three characters  \n\nand the maximum password length is 10 characters. \nThat means that uh you know I could theoretically  \n\nenumerate through all passwords between three \nand 10 characters and then I'd be able to find  \n\nout anybody's password. You know it's like this \njust gives attackers way too much information.  \n\nLikewise, it also allows them to do things like, \nyou know, if uh a specific email address already  \n\nexists in the database, what you could do is you \ncould use that same email address, but you could  \n\nchange the request that's being sent. You could \nsign up a million different email addresses using  \n\nsome script. It's just not very scalable, I would \nsay. Um, and it's not very intelligent to do. So,  \n\ninstead, what we do is we actually do server side \nvalidation. And what that means is like basically  \n\nwe have our site right over here. And our site in \ngeneral communicates with some server. And instead  \n\nof doing all the validation over here, okay, \nwhat we do is we say, \"No, what I want to do  \n\nis basically every time somebody tries to create \na new account, I'm not actually going to check  \n\non the site. What I'm going to do is I'm going to \nsend a request over to another backend somewhere,  \n\nsome server. The server is going to be much more \nsecure. And then because it's not on the site,  \n\nnobody can like jump into the server and then \nmake minor changes to, you know, check out the  \n\nlogic and stuff like that. The only thing that \nan attacker would actually ever see is just the  \n\nfact that, oh, the site sent a request to the \nserver. uh but you know the server is like super  \n\npassword gated and you know requires specific \nauthentication. It's not anything that you know  \n\na person could actually use. So that's kind of \neasy. You just ask your AI model, hey you know  \n\nmake sure to server side validate everything. Hey, \nis anything here not being serverside validated?  \n\nOkay, we'll make it serverside validated. And that \ntakes me to number four, which is dependency and  \n\npackage security. Um so when AI generates code, \nsometimes it references packages that don't  \n\nexist as in your AI will literally just make up \na package name. In case you guys didn't know what  \n\npackages are. Basically inside of most folder \nmost coding uh projects nowadays you have like  \n\na node modules folder or something. And these are \nall the services that this um repository is using  \n\nin order to like build my website. And so it's \nusing witch word zod yto q prelude puny code  \n\nreact and so on and so forth. And so as you can \nsee like most websites nowadays are actually like  \n\nvery very heavily based on pre-existing libraries \nthat other people have built which kind of makes  \n\nsense cuz like you know the longer the internet's \naround the more people have built libraries that  \n\nhandle specific features and like obviously you're \ngoing to want to just use somebody else's solution  \n\nrather than build your own wheel and so that's \nwhat a lot of people here are doing. Tailwind  \n\nCSS for instance is a big design library that just \ndoes a lot of the design for you. Arg parse just  \n\nhandles arguments and it's like a simple and easy \nway to you know do bash scripts and functions.  \n\nAnd so the issue is AI just came up with all \nthis stuff, right? But sometimes it'll actually  \n\ndownload or it'll create a name of a module that \ndoesn't actually exist. So for whatever reason,  \n\nI mean the training data or whatever or \njust because of the way statistics works,  \n\nmaybe it'll create a folder here or uh whatever \ncalled acorns and it'll try and download a library  \n\ncalled Acorns and it turns out the library it \nwanted to download is actually called Acorn, but  \n\ninstead it tries downloading Acorns. Now, people \nthat have done a lot of stat stats and stuff like  \n\nthat have like done a lot of this to see, you \nknow, what libraries the um AI models typically  \n\nscrew up on. And so, if it sees like, oh, you \nknow, this always says acorns instead of acorn,  \n\nwhat it'll do is it'll actually these attackers \nwill go through and they'll make a big list of  \n\nall these fake packages. And then they'll actually \ncreate packages on the internet that correspond  \n\nto these. And then these packages will just be \nmalware. So, instead of you downloading Acorn,  \n\nnow you're downloading Acorns. instead of it \nbeing empty and being nothing because it's fake,  \n\nnow you're downloading somebody's package that \nactually has like a string in it that says, \"Hey,  \n\nyou know, when you download this package, I want \nyou to send all of the API keys to this service.\"  \n\nThey as like, \"Oh, yeah, that makes sense. I'm \ndownloading this package. This pack",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}