{
  "title": "VIBE CODING FULL COURSE: Gemini 3.1 + Antigravity (6 Hrs) (Часть 14)",
  "content": "it's actually \ngoing to go and create the architecture and that's  \n\nwhat's that's what it's doing right now that's why \nit's in plan mode now I should note here in the  \n\nbottom right hand corner you guys probably I don't \nknow if you guys could see that's pretty small we  \n\ngot this little lightning um what I've done is \nI've enabled this thing called fast mode just  \n\nbecause Opus 46 supports it and that allows it to \ngo two and a half times is faster approximately  \n\nfor I think like 3x the price. So little bit of \nan arbitrage there. Um I think the price is going  \n\nto jump up to 6x pretty soon. So it may not be \navailable when you guys are on it. But personally  \n\nI find for building really comprehensive plans \nawesome tool and an awesome model. Okay. And  \n\nthen uh basically what I wanted to do is I wanted \nto like produce this big plan and then I'm going  \n\nto pass off this giant plan over to Gemini who I \nthink is actually just a better designer. Okay. So  \n\nonce the uh thing is super comprehensively planned \num then I can just pass all this stuff to Gemini  \n\nwith the screenshots. But sometimes claude code \nwill actually ask you or rather Opus 4.6 will use  \n\ncloud code to ask you questions and so that's \nwhy I'm doing all this planning and stuff like  \n\nthat here just in case it asks me some questions \nfor clarification. Okay. So I'm going to press  \n\nescape because uh it's basically like hey do you \nwant me to start? Then here it's going all the way  \n\nto the top here. We want to build a full stack \nSAS dashboard. Here's the tech step. Here's the  \n\nphase one project setup in UI shell. And um I'll \nbe honest, like I'm I'm usually not reading this  \n\nentire thing. What I'm doing is I'm skimming. \nI'm just making sure there's nothing that just  \n\njumps out to me as stupid. Like what I want is I \nbasically just want to see, hey, are there way too  \n\nmany pages? Is this way too complicated? Is this \nmodel completely misunderstood what I want it to  \n\ndo? And so what I'm seeing is there'll be like \nan app page, there'll be um a dashboard page,  \n\norders, a new page, a settings page, notifications \npage, and that looks pretty reasonable, right?  \n\nThere'll be a components page where it'll actually \nstore all the components. Library page. Okay,  \n\nthis looks pretty good. This looks pretty \ngood. Interactive local data. So after that,  \n\nwe'll define some types. Yeah, I don't even know \nwhat the hell that really means to be honest, but  \n\nthat's okay. And then we have those actual pages, \nwhich look good to me. All of these are pages  \n\nthat I would realistically want my app to have. Is \nthere anything else I'd want? H dashboard orders.  \n\nNo, I think I think this is fine. After that, we \nhave the superbase off. So here, I'll like set  \n\nup the superbase, but that's okay. That's not for \nnow. That's later. We'll finally have the landing  \n\npage which is going to be really nice and sexy and \nthen we'll have some key architecture decisions.  \n\nOkay, cool. I mean, this seems pretty reasonable \nto me. I don't think there are any problems  \n\nhere whatsoever. So, what I'm going to do is I'm \nactually just going to copy this whole plan. Okay,  \n\nthis whole thing that this just created for me. \nI'm going to paste it into this now. Okay. And  \n\nthen I'm also going to provide some initial \nscreenshots of what I want the dashboard to  \n\nlook like. So, I'm just going to command um you \nknow on a Mac you can command shift control. So,  \n\ncommand shift control 4 and then I'm just going \nto go select this. Okay. And that'll actually  \n\ngive me like a pretty high quality screenshot. \nI'm going to feed this in. Okay. And so now we  \n\nhave the image of the dashboard and then I'll say \ndesign using this style as inspiration clean and  \n\nminimal. Okay. Okay. So, what I've done is I've \nnow split the work up between these two agents.  \n\nI had um Claude Opus 4.6 design me the really \ncomprehensive plan because as I mentioned I  \n\nthink it's a little bit better at planning \nat least as of the time of this recording.  \n\nThen I'm going to hand off all of like the design \nand then you know basically just like grunt work  \n\nover to Gemini 3.1 Pro High, which I think is way \nbetter at actually like wiring up the components  \n\nand then putting together like that that really \nhigh class design. And uh you know at this point  \n\nall we really have to do is just wait for it to \nbuild. And this is realistically because it is,  \n\nyou know, going to be a pretty comprehensive app. \nThis isn't something that's going to happen in a  \n\ncouple minutes. You're probably gonna be good to \nlike go step away, have a coffee, come back. By  \n\nthe time all that stuff's ready, this will have \ngiven you some sort of result. But it's always  \n\ngood before you do that just to like wait for, \nI don't know, 30 seconds or so because sometimes  \n\nit'll give you a plan and then you can just review \nthe plan um and just double and triple check that  \n\nit didn't do something super stupid or super \nterrible. And I don't think it has. Everything  \n\nhere looks good to me. So, I think it can just \ngo ahead and commence the project. Cool. So,  \n\nI'm actually going to go grab a coffee and I'll be \nright back. Okay. So, now it's telling me it's now  \n\ncompleted phase 2 interactive with local data. So, \nwe should now have a site up and running with some  \n\nsort of local data. Immediately after I said let's \nopen it. So, it's opened it. I tried doing some  \n\ninitial debugging and stuff like that on its own. \nIt it didn't end up doing so because there was an  \n\nadditional error which I'm going to talk about. \nAnd just on the uh I guess concept of errors  \n\nwhen you create a full-fledged SAS app like one \nthat has like back and forth and stuff like that,  \n\nnot just a website where there's no interactivity, \nyou know, you're going to have errors. And so it's  \n\nnot about like will I screw up at some point. \nWill the model get this wrong? Just a matter  \n\nof when and then what you're going to do when uh \nit screws up. So basically what I've done is it  \n\nstarted the development server and opened this in \nmy local browser. So I just click this open and  \n\nas you can see here we have the app set up, but \nthe app looks a little funky. We don't have any  \n\nstyles. Just looks like crap. So obviously this \nisn't what we want, right? What I'm going to do  \n\ninstead is I'm just going to take a photo of this \nand then I'm just going to send it back. And then  \n\nI'm going say I don't think styles are loading \nalso because I'm pretty sure there was some issue,  \n\nright? I initially got this problem as well where \nit said missing HTML and body tags in the root  \n\nlayout. So I'm also going to copy this in. Also, \nI got this error. I'm going to paste that in. So,  \n\nyou know, at least initially before you even \nget to be able to play around with the UX,  \n\nyou may have some like initialization problems and \nconfig problems and stuff like that. And that's  \n\nokay. Basically, what you do, um, if I just show \nyou guys sort of how I think about vibe coding  \n\nthese things is it's almost like I don't know, \nyou're in a cave. Uh, have you guys seen like the,  \n\nyou know, mining meme where you're like mining \nfor gold? Okay, basically you're in a cave and  \n\nevery single time you run the thing, you're like \nthis fella here. You just get a little bit further  \n\nand a little bit further and a little bit further \nand you know this fell here can't see anything.  \n\nIt's just darkness in front of him, right? So \nevery time he mines, he goes home and he's like,  \n\n\"My god, I didn't make any progress today.\" But \nobviously if he just continues going, eventually  \n\nhe gets to the point where there's a bunch of gems \nsort of on the other side. And so that's basically  \n\nwhat we're doing. We're just going to work through \nthis initial sludge with initialization errors by  \n\ncopying and pasting um any problems and then just \ngiving it directly to ",
  "source_type": "youtube"
}